A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
cause to move by pulling.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
emit or cause to emit noise
The woman is playing an electric guitar
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A woman is talking on a telephone
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
Two boys are studying
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
A dog standing in the water.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
make thick or thicker.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
festive social event, celebration
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
Engrave by means of dots.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
There is no woman playing a guitar
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
the act of moving from one place to another.
Some persons are singing
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
A woman is riding a horse
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
A man is playing the piano
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
A large green ball is missing a potato
The person is playing the guitar
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
A man is playing a guitar on stage
A large black and white cow in a field.
A woman is riding an animal
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
Some children are playing on a playground
There is no man driving a car
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
There is no boy looking at a calendar
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
Two boys playing in water.
Children play in a pile of snow.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
A piano isn't being played by a man
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
A baby is playing a guitar
employ or utilize, put into service
have or exploit a monopoly of.
express or utter with a hiss.
A guy is riding a horse
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
someone who takes photographs professionally.
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A person is wrapping up an onion
A black dog, running on grass.
A man is slicing a tomato
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
come into conflict, meet in opposition
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
A woman is cutting a white onion
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
remove from a place or from office
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
Two persons are shaking hands
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
The man is not playing the guitar
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
The guitar is being played by the man
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
Three children are running down hill
repeat; reestablish or begin again
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
ride a motorcycle.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
form schemes in an underhand manner
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
People are walking
A person is doing a trick with some cards
return to in thought or speech
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
act of verbally informing
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
the actors in a play.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
A black and white dog running between poles.
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
Start abruptly, ignite
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A flute is being played by the man
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Some people are playing cricket
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
A man is arranging the garden
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
place or set apart.
The black and white dog is running outdoors
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
A girl is jumping.
indicate a decision or prediction
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
A man is dancing in the rain
The recruits are barking at the military officer
make less severe or harsh.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
People walk along on the street.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
A toy train is striking a toy car
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
A woman is jumping rope outside
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
give a structure to.
A dog running across the sand
The man is playing a guitar
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Rugby players are not tackling each other
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
The flute is being played by a woman
Remove by rubbing
the cause or instigation of something
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
A man is driving a vehicle
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
A few men in a competition are running outside
A person is slicing a potato
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
the act of pulling an object
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
A black faced sheep.
a state of exposure to harm
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
Some women are dancing
A black and a yellow dog
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Three dogs running in the dirt.
move from one location to another
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
A woman is playing the flute
overcome with amazement.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
There is no man playing a harp
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A group is not riding the current in a raft
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
the armed forces
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
The woman is not chopping garlic
pass into by penetrating or permeating
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
A woman is riding on an elephant
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
There is no hamster singing
A man is pouring oil into a pan
become or cause to become obstructed
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
a group of nations having common interests.
The woman is putting away a flute
increase in extent or intensity.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
a change which is a decrease
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
A dog in a car.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
a train in a station.
A woman is not eating a cupcake
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
make a loud noise, as an animal
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
spend time in prison
the act of providing help or aid to someone
The panda is eating bamboo
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
make a certain size or sort according to size
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
the state of having one's weight supported
A side view of a horse's head.
fix or set securely or deeply.
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
put or introduce into something.
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
A man is shooting a weapon
A young boy is jumping out of the water
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
a state or act of gaining pleasure
The man is cutting a paper plate
The parrot is talking into the microphone
A woman pointing at a geyser.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
Someone is beating an egg
emit a brief burst of light.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
position in football played by a team member
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
A computer operating on a desk.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
A man is playing with water
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
A man is jumping on a trampoline
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
The fish are immobile
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
the rotating motion of an object
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
a reason for wanting something done.
the act of sucking.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
the termination, ending of a meeting
make colder, or icy, using ice
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
prevent the progress or free movement of.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
The man is catching a fish
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
There is no person playing a piano
Two children are playing
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
enclose in or as if in a frame.
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
Three dogs swim in the water.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
an upward slope or incline
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
react verbally.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
There is no lady peeling the potato
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
appoint to clerical posts
A woman runs on the beach.
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
completely use up a resource
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
A man is untying a shoe
The act of creating written works.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
A man and a woman are having a conversation
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
The child is silent
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
A person is not playing the keyboard
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
A woman is cutting onions
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
A dog is eating a doll
the event of something burning (often destructive).
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
The woman is slicing an onion
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
the state of being employed
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
Two kids playing with a dog.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Two women walking down the street
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
A brown horse in a green field.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
incite action, cause an event
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
the status of being a champion.
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
A man is idling on the floor
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
feel the need to eat.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
Some children are playing on a statue
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
A boy is blowing bubbles
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
There are no men sawing
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
move very fast.
A tan puppy being petted.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
There is no chef preparing a meal
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
serve as the inciting cause of.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
A man is playing a small flute
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
Four boys sit in the mud.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
scoop up, as if with a ladle
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
a person who cleans chimneys
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
the act of escaping physically.
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
An animal is emerging from a lake
A group of people eat at a table outside.
reduce the price of something
A man is getting into a car
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
A man is performing a trick on a bike
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
the state of being controlled or governed.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
Small boat going down a creek.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Gray cat looking out the window.
look at or observe something or someone
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
a train rides on his tracks.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
owned territory of a sovereign government
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
Kids play in the water
hit a fly (baseball)
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
The men are not playing soccer
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
Two dogs play in a field.
A swan is flying through a body of water.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
A woman is slicing a tomato
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A lemur is biting a person's finger
the act of forming or establishing something.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
face and withstand with courage.
Two people are looking at a gold statue
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
A dog is emerging from a lake
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
The man is singing and playing the guitar
A boy is playing on a toy
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
Two cars are racing down the track
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
The black dog runs through the water.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
A man is playing a flute
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
produce a click.
require or need something that is missing
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
A brown dog wades in the water.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A girl blows on a dandelion.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
A man is playing the instrument
Two men wearing bike helmets.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
There is no woman slicing potatoes
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
Many people are skating in an ice park
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
visual representation sketched by hand
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
A boy is looking at a calendar
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
There are no children playing and waiting
The men are playing with a ball
A young man is sitting on a bench
send from one person or place to another.
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
A woman is playing a flute
observe, perceive
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
a side or surface of something
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
The person is hiking
mean or intend to express or convey.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
tie or fasten into a knot.
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
The intense man is a guitar player
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
the power to use something or someone.
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
put a new heel on.
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
There are no men fighting
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
Two dogs are running together outside.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
make small marks into the surface of.
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
work with a tool.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
Two dogs playing by the shore.
make or become more acute or intense
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
There is no man peeling an onion
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
A woman is slicing a carrot
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
glare or strike with intensity
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
the state of owing something (especially money).
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
the act of flipping an object into the air
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
the activity of examining or assessing something
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
The dog runs through the snow.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
A man is tying the shoe
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
take something or someone away from somewhere
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Black and white dog running outside.
A white cat looking out of a window.
two spotted dogs are running through a field
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
oppose with equal weight or force
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
A large green ball is hitting a potato
Create an electrical short in something.
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
A group of children is playing tambourines
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A married couple is walking up the aisle
A woman is not cutting meat
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
A child cavorts on the road.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
An animal is resting
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
A young woman dressed in black.
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
the general condition of body and mind.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
The boy is not playing the piano
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
Two children are on a fairground ride.
The silver train is parked in a station.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
A tiger is pacing around a cage
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
a disagreement or argument about something important.
A woman is mixing eggs
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
covering for a bed
have a great affection or liking for.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Two dogs run through mud.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
A brown dog sits on the beach.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
The back of a sign with stickers on.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
Red sports car racing down track.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
There is no man cutting a box
The man is drawing
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
A child walking in the snow.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
The man is playing the flute
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
One woman is practicing with a flute
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
The man is wildly dancing
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
A woman is throwing a potato peel
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
A person is not chopping an onion
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
Remove water from a substance.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A man is crying
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
The dogs are running in the snow.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
A man is packing the guitar
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
Fool or hoax (someone).
force to go away by blinking.
A guy is not riding a horse
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
say mean things.
The women are not dancing outside
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
The woman is not walking the dog
A shoe is being tied by a man
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
The man is hiking in the woods
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
A girl is brushing her hair
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A girl is playing a wind instrument
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
Increase the acoustic volume of.
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
The man is playing a flute
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
Three dogs are in the snow.
move in circles.
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
Yellow boat on a beach.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
A man is walking down a road
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
A man is speaking
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
free (from restraint), let loose
the event consisting of the start of something.
Someone is not reading the email
to make less distinct or clear.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
be or play a part of or in.
the act of administering medication.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
People sitting on a couch laugh.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
A man is getting a garage for the car
move faster, or cause to move faster
make the surface of level or smooth.
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
Cook in cream or using cream.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
A deer jumps a fence.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
A man is making a bed
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Two white dogs running in the snow.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
A man is picking a can
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
There is no man speaking
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
A child playing in water.
A girl is playing a flute
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
There is no child holding a squirt gun
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
A woman is shooting at target practice
the high value or worth of something.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
A woman is not slicing an onion
the act of giving a false appearance.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
the state of taking in or encircling.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
Two ducks are standing by the water.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
speed up the process of
Nobody is playing ping pong
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
create something in the mind
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
A girl dances on a stage.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
A skateboarder in the city.
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
a problem, something wrong
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
Two pandas are lying together
contribute to the progress or growth of.
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
The milk is being drunk by a cat
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
A boy and a dog running on grass
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
cause to lean to the side.
make reference to.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
make ready for action or use.
There is no person buttering a tray
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
Produce a phonemic click.
support by placing on or against something solid
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
A field of black faced sheep.
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
A couple is looking at a map
conscious subjective emotion or desire
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
the state or fact of being an owner.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
There is no dog riding a skateboard
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
A child is waking up
A panda is climbing
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
wear away or erode.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
A dog jumps through water.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
the act of choosing or selecting
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
the event of proposing or volunteering something
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
the flavor quality of something
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
There is no clown singing
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
Fish is being fried by a woman
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
A guy is mowing the lawn
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
A man is doing a trick on a bike
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
a sporting match, boxing
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
Three women are resting in a village
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
A woman is cooking eggs
become master of, overcome, dominate
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
a measurable or quantitative decrease
remove substances from a liquid or solution
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
a rank or position relative to others
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
A woman is cutting a tomato
work material with a tool
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
lay with rails.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
use up the whole supply of.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
The black dog is running through the snow.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
A man is not playing a guitar
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
a flock of sheep or goats
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
The person is playing the flute
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
cause to become ice or icy.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
A man is freeing a fish
A dog is barking at a ball
A dog running in the grass.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
A group of people are walking
A girl riding a brown horse.
Four children on stools in a diner.
There is no man tying a shoe
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
A small monkey is walking in the river
A woman is not slicing carrots
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
A bird is resting its wings in the water
A dog is running on the ground
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man is cutting an onion
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
the justification for some act or belief.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
the act of governing, administrating
A woman is frying something
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
Two children are playing in the surf
an indication of something, evidence
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
cause to become awake or alert
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
the general impression or appearance of something
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A jet is flying
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
A brown dog is running on grass.
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
The act of sorting one thing from others.
a group of old men walking down the street
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
There is no woman peeling a potato
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
The runners are racing around a track
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
A woman is slicing some meat
the state of being joined or united or linked.
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
Three dogs playing in the green water.
A baby is talking
A young woman is playing the guitar
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
Two men are battling
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
A fearful little boy is on the ground
become long or longer.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
The black dog plays in the snow.
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
The man is cutting cooked octopus
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A blonds girl is surfing
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A woman is tapping her fingers
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
recover, return to former state
the central area of an object
Two dogs are running on the grass.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
A person is folding a piece of paper
Boat sails in rough water.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
ponder, consider, observe carefully
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
People in costumes are walking around in the street
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
give a detailed account of
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
A bunch of people is on the shore
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
place limits on (extent or access).
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
Two women are talking
a man and a woman posing for a picture
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
give to, and receive from, one another.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
No people are riding camels at the beach
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
A man is carrying a tree
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
the action of placing or situating an object
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
The person is not standing on white ice
Three women are dancing
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
the act or capability of seeing
A surfer is riding the wave
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
A man is punching a soccer ball
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
One man is leading the race
The boy is playing the piano
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
There is no man playing two keyboards
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A man is talking to a woman
A man is doing exercises
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A woman is ignoring a man
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
A passenger train coming into a station.
A man is jumping onto a low wall
A dog splashes in the murky water.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
raise in rank, character, or status.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
A girl is styling her hair
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
Two men are holding fishing poles
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
A dog is running uphill
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
Someone is not playing piano
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
A person is brushing a cat
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
A man is tying a shoe
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
the act of appraising, critiquing something
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
cook on a hot surface using fat.
A woman is walking in a city street
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
Child holding an object that is on fire.
The person is in the snowy mountains.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
There is no dog licking a baby
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
administrator, one who controls resources
Two children are climbing a tree
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
Four people eating dessert around a table.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
One man is sitting on the chair
move about in a confused manner.
issue an order.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
A white dog is running through the snow.
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
play a stringed instrument with a bow
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
A black dog is standing in shallow water
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
The woman is dicing a carrot
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
the act of hitting vigorously.
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
A baby is cheering another baby
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
Amount that can be contained
The man is being knocked off of a horse
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
dress in a certain manner.
the act of colliding with something.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
the state of being depleted.
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
A dog is biting a doll
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
to cause to become quiet
A person is dancing in the rain
how something is done or how it happens.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
The surfer is in the wave.
There is no one peeling a banana
thin metal strips used in typesetting
An airplane facing the camera.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
Two dog play in the snow.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A girl is drawing a man
The man is not seasoning the sausages
A woman is chopping garlic
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
Two dogs running through the grass.
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
A man is massaging a woman
the act of people having sex
A man is not participating in a bmx race
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
The basketball player holds the ball.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A dog is not running towards a ball
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
Two dogs are playing outside
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
the process of becoming less or smaller
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
the act of planning or deliberating
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
A man is climbing up a rope
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
The guitar is being played by a girl
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
whip with or as if with a whisk
fall out of the pod or husk.
The hungry woman is eating
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
create an image or likeness of.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
a brown dog plays with the hose.
There is no monkey riding a bike
Little girl jumping in water puddle
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
Two females jump off of swings.
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
A woman is slicing a green pepper
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
A couple holds a baby.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
A woman is cutting a lemon
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
A man is recklessly riding a horse
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
a bird lands in the water.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
determine the essential quality of.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
Racers are running down a track
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
a competitor most likely to win
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
A woman is dancing near a fire
injure, scratch the surface
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
Sign language is being used by a young girl
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A boy is walking across a bridge
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
An area that is central within some larger region.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
make the surface level or smooth
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
There is no dog racing on a track
A group of people are running a race.
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
compress out of shape or into small pieces
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
a stovetop, cooking appliance
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
take or have a position relative to others.
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
A dog jumps high in the snow.
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
The girl is painting a coverall blue
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
A man is preparing some dish
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
A little girl is selling a scooter
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
equip with a fuse
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
A black dog is running across a field.
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
sound sharply or shrilly.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
to ignite or catch on fire
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
A young couple is lying on a bed together
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
Small office space with bright green walls.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
A frog is being handled by the woman
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
There is no boy playing guitar
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
A grey house with a red door.
An officer is talking to the recruits
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
the state of being retained
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
(Literally) sound with resonance.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
the act of taking something that is offered.
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
A man and a woman are smiling.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
state of being unclothed, naked
make by combining materials and parts.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
Someone is falling off a horse
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
A black dog looking at the camera.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Two small children walking in a field.
Two children are playing flag football together.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
A white cat laying on a sheet.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
Two dogs running on grass.
Two children jumping into a body of water.
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
Two brown dogs running together on sand
a supplementary part or accessory.
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
The dog is jumping in the air.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
A man and a woman are shaking hands
A small boy is standing in the forest
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
take apart into its constituent pieces.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
A man is chopping an onion
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
Two children playing in the snow.
The dog is running across the gravel
Three greyhounds racing on a track
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
a style and size of typeset
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
make tight or tighter.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
dispose of (something useless or old).
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
A mountain is being climbed by two men
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
the territory occupied by a nation.
A squirrel is running in circles
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
The man is pacing around a room
The cat is licking a bottle
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
A man is puking
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
a boundary area or edge of something
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
A black dog walking through water.
the pulsation of the heart
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
There is no team playing soccer
The man is painting
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
adhering to moral principles.
A male is dancing
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
A monkey is wading through a marsh
A person is cutting an onion
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
act of becoming distant, moving away from
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
mold for casting, setting concrete
A puppy running along a street.
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
A girl sits on a red play structure
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
A cat is swinging on a fan
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A baby is playing with a dog 
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
A black dog standing in a field.
provide with a new seat.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
A man is tying a thick rope
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
A man is playing guitar
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
A dog splashing in the water.
A dog is running through the white snow
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A man and a woman are not eating
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Two blond girls are playing together.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
close with a snapping motion.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
A dog chases another by a tree.
A man is crouching and holding a camera
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
Three dogs running through the snow.
There is no girl playing the piano
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
the act of perceiving a scent
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
make (a surface) shine.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
submit, send to
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
The woman is dicing onions
beat severely with a whip or rod.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
A person is playing the keyboard
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
A dog is jumping through the water.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
A young man with a beard at an event.
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
A person riding a dirt bike.
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
to argue or plead in favor of
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
A person is chopping an onion
A bus drives down a busy road.
The woman is not dicing garlic
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
A dog leaping over a chain.
cause to be alert and energetic.
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
A woman is eating a cupcake
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
There is no puppy rolling
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
the act of making or enacting laws.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
A herd of deer is crossing the street
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
a particular environment or walk of life.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
Two children hug one another.
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
The dog is licking a bottle
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
The drums are being played by the man
a distinctive style of clothing
A woman is slicing potatoes
A black man and his dog on the beach.
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
The man is seasoning the meat
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
the selection of a lottery winner
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
There is no woman standing near three children
pass through the esophagus
A dog sleeping under a table.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
twice the quantity or amount of something
the day immediately before today.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
An animal is biting someone's finger
mock or make fun of playfully.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
A man is sitting on the beach
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
a slight cut in a physical surface
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
the primary component of a communication
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
The man with a hard hat is dancing
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
A small dog is lying on a bed
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
Some men are idling
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
move into and stay in a particular position
give suck to.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
Hay is being eaten by a cow
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
Some kittens are hungry
A horse is running
A man is taking pictures of a lake
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
income collected as tax by a government
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
take in marriage.
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
take measures in preparation for.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
The brown dog is jumping in the air
A piano is being played by a person
The dogs are running through the water
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
Someone is putting away a keyboard
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
There is no woman slicing an onion
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
A small animal is singing
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
Nobody is floating on a raft
A man is praying
There is no dog looking around
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
There is no man eating some food
Two people are arguing near a crowd
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
sorting one thing from others.
create an edge or border
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
A small dog is lying on the bed
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
A dog swims through the water.
A guitar is being played by a baby
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
open again or anew.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
A biker jumps an obstacles.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
The children are playing in front of a large door
The woman is waterskiing
A person is cooking some food
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
cause to be interested
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
Nobody is playing the guitar
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
an onerous worry or concern
Close up of a bottle of water.
Domestic cat looking out window.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
The doctor is helping the patient
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A person is riding an old motorcycle
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
a social occasion, often official or formal
A dog in the snow.
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
the rate of some repeating event.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
Weights are being lifted by the man
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
recording tracks of music made on some medium
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
the termination of a meeting.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
the act of creating an artistic work
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
An event that causes someone or something to die.
The dog is running on grass.
make a causal or logical connection; group together
A group of people are dancing
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
A couple walking down the street.
make unfit or unsuitable.
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
The man is slicing some potatoes
A dog is chasing a ball
Performance, routine
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
The appropriate or desirable thing.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
Three bottles are on a table.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
A dog runs through sand.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
The man is not playing a flute
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
spare in quality or quantity
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
cause friction; wear away or erode
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
An old person is sitting on a bench
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
the relation of comprising something.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
The singer is leaving the band
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A green bus drives down a road.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
A young man is talking to a leaf
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
There is no tiger cub making a sound
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A man is reading an email
The man is going into the water
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
The man in not playing the flute
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
a dog stands in the white snow.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
A large white bird swoops over water.
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
The man is talking on the telephone
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the act of arriving at a certain place
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
move forward by leaps and bounds.
someone who plays a principal role
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
the act of improving something's quality
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A young boy falls off his bike.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
A shirtless man rock climbs.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
A man is getting off the motorcycle
(cause to) fall in drops
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
the price of a good or service
A man is shooting at target practice
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
a state of confinement in a small space
A little bird floating in the water.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
the consequence or aftermath of something
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
The person is not riding the horse
Black and brown table in living room setting.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Two airplanes in the sky.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
a large or extra supply of something.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
break from a meeting or gathering.
a man plays his white guitar.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
A bike jumps through the air.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
A man climbing a rock-face.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A woman is surfing
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
a wet dog chasing a white ball
turn in to get something in exchange
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
Dogs in a race.
The dogs are playing in the snow.
cause to be interested or curious.
Three dogs run in the snow.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
A quantity of something
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
the state of being excluded.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
A white cat standing on a carpet.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
A man is putting down the flute
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
A man is eating a banana
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
Some kids play in a field.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
The man is playing a piano
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
There is no woman dancing in a cage
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
A man picking up a big rock.
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
A bird flying over the water.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A plane flying near the sunset.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
A cook is coating a pork chop
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
a visual characterization of something
the act of making a proposal.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
A person on a snowmobile.
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
move through with or as if with a rake.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
talk in a tearful manner.
run or flow slowly
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
coating used as a repellant to moisture
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
cause to move round and round.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
Travel on foot.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
Someone is playing with a frog
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
keep from being seen or perceived by others
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
A man is rowing a canoe
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
a stiffener in a garment
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
An old man is sitting in a field
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
Someone is falling off the horse
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
The black dog is running through the grass.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
move in a group or flock
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
a reproduction or physical representation of something
move as if through a sieve.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
adherence to moral principles
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
a reference line used to align lettering
define; determine essential qualities of
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A bike rider on a ramp.
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A dog walks through the snow.
A woman is chopping up an octopus
the act of allowing, bestowing something
a dog jumps into the water.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
raise to a higher energy level.
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
Germinate, as in a plant.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
limit the range or extent of.
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
the quality of being significant.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
A skier speeds through the snow.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
be opposite.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
create a new entity by putting components or members together
show submission or fear.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
There is no woman riding a water scooter
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
sink to a lower level; descend
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
state of being active
the close approach of one object to another
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A greyish dog running in the snow.
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
cause to be immersed in
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A large white bird flying over water.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
There is no young child splashing in the water
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
Two men are leaving the stage
A young girl riding a brown horse.
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
an allotment or percentage of something
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
A dog runs through the deep snow.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
A man is riding a water toy in the water
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
A woman is playing a guitar
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Two women in a sailboat.
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Two dogs are running through a small pond
any accounting period of 12 months.
refrain from doing something.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
The animal with big eyes is eating
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
(cause to) gradually become weak
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
A man is laughing
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
The man is going into the lake
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
the length of time of a temporary cessation
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
The piece of paper is not being cut
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
A sheep grazing in a field.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
adapt to a specified measurement.
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
The man is dancing
A man is escaping a rising swamp
activity of selling
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
the context or setting in which something takes place
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A biker is naked
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
Two men are playing table football
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
There is no woman playing the violin
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A journey for some purpose.
A brown and white dog is running through the river
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
have a monopoly of; control fully
the act or means of getting rid of something.
A boat in the water.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
the degree or amount of something
the act of examining resemblances.
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
A cat is jumping into a container
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
Two dogs running in the dirt
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
place too much a load on.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
Two white dogs running in grass.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
Cover or back with foil.
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
make impure; make radioactive
a sudden emotional vocalization
Three children playing in hay
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
make high-pitched sounds.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
The kid is sliding in the snow
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
disregard, fail to attend to
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
damage the reputation of.
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
A man is playing baseball.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
A large white crane is flying near the water
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
piece (something old) with a new part.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
The headlights on a blue car.
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
be affected with smut or mildew
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
The dog is playing in the water.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
drag loosely along a surface, trail
a boy plays in the fountains.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
communicate with a hiss
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
A baseball player hitting the ball
imagine; form a mental picture of something
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
A woman is grating carrots
form an impenetrable cover over.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
location sheltered from the wind
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
A woman with her child.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
get on top of; deal with successfully.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
A woman is playing the violin
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
A dog is biting a black frisbee
Two dogs running in the woods.
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
Someone is peeling a banana
A white train pulling into a station.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
There is no panda climbing
Two dogs running through a field.
No onion is being cut by a man
travel along a zigzag path.
The dog is running into a brown light
give new life or energy to.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
Men are sawing
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
the identification or the realization of something
allow the passage of air through.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
One girl is jumping on the car
get or find back; recover
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
A little girl on a kid swing.
The women are dancing outside
The monkey is brushing the dog
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
go on a campaign or off to war
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
A woman is riding her bicycle.
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
immerse briefly into liquid or container
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
A man is kicking a soccer ball
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
cause something to be the case
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
move to a new location, state, or situation
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
seal, insulate or protect
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
be tantamount or equivalent to.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
A baby is not playing with a doll
A woman is slicing a fish
A man is slicing potatoes
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
the act of putting something somewhere.
an exclusive group of people.
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
the time yet to come.
the popular taste at a given time.
The woman is walking the dog
an unforeseen development.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
the head of a city government.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
throw quickly, flick
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
A brown dog is running through the field.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
pass over, across, or through.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A man is diving into a pool
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
partake or provide a banquet
One man is passionately playing the guitar
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
Two men are taking a break from construction
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
originate or come into being.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
cover with liquid before cooking.
The man is eating cereal
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
There is no man standing next to a bus
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
The rhino is grazing on the grass
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
any cause or source of great suffering
The person is slicing the potato
the act of cutting something into parts.
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
Two people are driving a motorcycle
A person is folding a sheet
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
A state of confusion or disorder.
measure the depth of a body of water
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
A television with a show on.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
secrete or form water
A man is singing to a girl
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
A lady is being kissed by a man
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
goal or objective
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A woman poses with a baby.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
move in such a way as to avoid
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A little boy is playing a guitar
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A chef is preparing a meal
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
There is no woman cutting broccoli
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
write a computer program.
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
the act of stopping something.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
give, dedicate, pledge
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
A man is rising from a swamp
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
the state of being suspected.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
the action of putting something into operation.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
A truck is quickly going down a hill
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
go after with the intent to catch.
There is no woman using a sewing machine
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
Provide medical care for.
The man isn't operating a stenograph
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
a physical protuberance, large or small
Two dogs run through the brush.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
The potato is being peeled by a woman
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
A jet is not flying
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
Two sumo ringers are fighting
Three men are jumping on a wall
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
a vehicle race on public roads
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
A dog running through the woods.
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
There is no girl jumping into the car
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
The woman is skating in the park.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
A double decker bus on a city street.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
A man is rowing a boat
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
the act of hiring something or someone.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
move in an irregular course
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
A woman is playing the trumpet
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
A song is being sung by a clown
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
The person is not writing with a pencil
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
A man is running away from the soccer ball
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
A white dog running on sand.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
There is no kitten drinking milk
secondary public school, grades 9-12
A guy on a white horse.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
A man is singing passionately
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
have an argument about something.
The band is singing 
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
A dog is looking at a store counter
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
a store or supply of something
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
The boy is spraying the plants with water
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
A woman is drying eggs
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
Five birds stand on the snow.
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
The bearded man is sitting on a train
the act of passing something to another person.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
Three dogs play in the grass.
the act of starting something.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
cause to appear in a new form.
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
the act of turning, rotating an object
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
any large deep body of water.
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
Rugby players are tackling each other
stick out, jut out, protrude
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
A few men are watching cricket
wet with a spurt of liquid.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
Three men playing baseball.
A woman is cutting some plants
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
the act of putting something to use.
a boy swinging on a swing.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
A man with a shirt is holding a football
The woman is not slicing an onion
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
A man is jumping a wall
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
A woman is not slicing garlic
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
Two dogs run on the grass.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
Two pandas are not lying together
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
A woman is not boiling shrimps
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
lack of agreement, not harmonious
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
Two dogs play in the water.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
A dog is playing with a toy
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
the physical expanse of the universe
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
a written message of nonacceptance
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
A black dog jumps in the snow.
The piano player is being a tough man
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
three dogs playing on a beach
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
place into the ground for growing
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
A cat is playing with a watermelon
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
A dog is near the red ball in the air
The women are singing and dancing
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
be in some specified state or condition.
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
the fashionable elite.
separate with or as if with an instrument.
continue to live, exist, or prosper
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
The women are not singing and dancing
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
utter in a certain way
A dog is running in the snow.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
leave or give by will after one's death.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
A man is playing a large flute
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
system of arrangement
draw advantages from.
There is no man dancing
a visual representation of something.
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
Three dogs running through water.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
put or store in a bottle
A man is petting two dogs
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
hit a fly.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
The boy is riding a tricycle
acknowledge a contribution or cause
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
There is no girl in white dancing
The boy is jumping into a lake.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A boy riding on a swing.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
the act of reducing the amount or number.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A man is peeling an onion
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
make a dry crackling sound.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A dog leaps over a fence.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
The state of being pleased with life.
The man is doing exercises
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
A man is singing
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
have a disagreement over something.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
a dog sprints across the water.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
A dog leaps over a barrier.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
the act of spending, disbursing funds
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
A dog plays on the beach.
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
The person is riding the horse
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
the act of throwing a baseball
A dog running along the beach.
Make or create something for a specific function.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
forked form or shape
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A man is drawing some figures
(cause to) become less intense or strict
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
There is no woman cutting a potato
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
forbid, prohibit
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
A dog zips along the beach.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
cause to become awake or conscious.
turning or twisting around (in place).
Make (undue) claims of owning.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
A cat is jumping into a box
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
hold in a given state or situation
an indication of some hidden activity.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
A brown puppy is biting a pole
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
A chef is discarding some food
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A group of children playing with props
have faith in, bet on
the root or base form of a word
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
Some men are resting
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
the act of taking an offer
a prediction of the course of a disease.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
There is no man playing a piano
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
Three boys playing soccer.
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A woman is peeling a potato
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A women and a dog playing outside
provide or supply with water
A group of men playing brass instruments.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
Football players are on the field.
A man is shooting with a gun
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
Two dogs play together in the yard.
A group of men are playing ball together.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
the trait of wasting resources.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A young girl going down a tube slide.
The man is not playing a guitar
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
a state of being encircled
A dog walks on the beach.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
There is no dog chasing a ball
Two men are playing ping pong
The small girl is riding in the toy car
to grow rapidly
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
become liquid or fluid when heated.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
The boys are standing and burning a car
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
A few men are dancing
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
the chief executive of a republic.
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
become or cause to become obstructed.
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
A man is removing the peel of an onion
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
A woman is deep frying food
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
take up, as of debts or payments.
cover with a protective sheathing.
the noise of something rapping against a surface
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
Two men are taking a break from work
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
The man is hurling knives at a tree
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
provide with rails.
A bird flying in the air
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
a unit of military aircraft.
a relative loss in price, value
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
Two boys are playing flag football.
A horse is falling on someone
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
rise to surface; become visible or known
There is no man making a phone call
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
perform or supervise a ritual
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
sway to and fro.
culminating event
the state of being angry.
A man is carrying a woman
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
be fond of.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
Nobody is playing with a toad
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
A person is frying food in a pan
A man is putting some food in a box
endure or experience a painful event
A child rides a wooden horse.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
incite some act of insubordination
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
person who is a social companion
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
A brown dog is running in a field.
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
There is no couple running towards the ocean
the act of catching an object with the hands.
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Two dogs play in the snow
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
the act of validating the authenticity of something
restate (words) from one language into another language.
(cause to) return after being refused
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
A child with his hands on his head.
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
jolt of electrical current to the body
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
act of constructing
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
The man is eating
A man is not cutting an onion
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
A man is lumping dough
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
change from one form or medium into another.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
Three women are running in a village
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
highly infectious viral disease
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
exclusive control or possession of something.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
provide a feast or banquet
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
No people is sitting around a fire at night
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
Preserve in a tin or jar.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
Two puppies play in the grass
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
request or demand something from someone
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
the act of leading or guiding others
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
Two dogs standing in snow.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
A hamster is singing
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
The plane is landing
Dogs are running on a track
travel across or pass over.
Women are sawing logs
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
Two people are walking by the ocean.
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
cite as an authority; resort to.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
The man is not dancing
A black dog lies on the grass.
put into a certain place or abstract location.
A dog running in the surf.
A group of football players is standing still in the field
A boy is playing a keyboard
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
have a strong desire to do something
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
Two dogs play on the grass.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A dog is standing on a mountain
hunt or shoot snipe.
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
A jockey riding a horse.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
The men are talking
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
A woman is dancing gracefully
The brown dog is running on the grass.
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
A dog is playing on the green grass
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
A big dog is running on the ground
A man standing in front of a brick building.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A tiger is walking around a cage
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
Two dogs run on the beach.
A woman is looking at the view of a city
A lemur is hanging on a rope
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
a group of people living together in a camp.
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
the act of adding one thing to another.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
A group of people having a drink.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A person is surfing a big wave.
lumber used in the construction of something.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
A man is catching a fish
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
enjoy, be fond of or approve
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
A woman is looking curiously at a man
make a sharp sound.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
develop in a positive way.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Two dogs playing on grass.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
The oil is being stirred by a man
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
like better; value more highly.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A woman is walking the dog down the street
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
There is no man speaking on a stage
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A man running on a track.
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
A dog is running on the sea shore
Two cats are lying together
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
There is no man walking outside
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
create code, write a computer program.
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
One man is chopping a log with an axe
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
Some dogs are playing in a stream
act of applying force
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
The kitten is playing with a toy
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
signal by winking.
A animal is grazing in a field
separate into constituents by soaking.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
A person is playing a guitar and singing
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
A band is playing some instruments
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A tan dog is running through the brush
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
A brown dog running through the woods.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
Rewrite in a different script.
make a written note of.
People ride up an escalator.
unite; merge with something already in existence
A group of people standing in the street
A white dog jumps into a pool.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
A girl is running on a desert path.
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
a small dog steps onto a log.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
Kids playing tag football.
make hard or harder.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
Different teams are resting on a field
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
The man is not talking on the phone
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
The white dog is running in the green grass.
A small animal is lying on the bed
Red double decker bus with hood up.
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
A woman is washing her feet
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
The black and white dog is running indoors
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
Two dogs in a stream.
Two people are riding a bike
A man is playing a wooden flute
There is no man doing a card trick
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
the act of perpetrating a crime
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
A dog is having fun with a toy
The woman is removing make-up
the act of forcing out someone or something.
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
the act of devoting time and energy to something
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
A man is phoning
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
A black poodle is running in the snow.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
the successful action of solving a problem.
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
The person is boiling noodles
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
do over, make new
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Child sliding in the snow.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
The act of beginning something new.
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
A woman is washing a big pepper
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
A basketball player holding a basketball.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
Some cats are playing with each other
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
A lemur is hanging on a cord
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
human legs, informal usage
the general outward appearance of something.
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Two dogs are playing with each other
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A group of people ride in a race
a dog runs through the woods.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A dog is running in a field.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
put in the mind of someone.
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Three people in a glass structure.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
(Cause to) smell bad.
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
Someone is playing the guitar
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A man in a batman suit running.
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
A man is boiling noodles in water
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
be given to, come into the possession of
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
Guitar is being played by two men
There is no dog running in the grass
A group of people playing football is running in the field
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
Some racers are swimming in a lake
The black dog is running through the grass
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
examine minutely.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
A small child smiling at the camera.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
the act of flipping a coin.
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
Cars driving near a model building.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
A woman is picking a can
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A brown dog walks through snow.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
A rider is surfing the wave
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
the act of protesting, dissenting
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
A girl in white is dancing
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
A person is holding a skunk
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
The women are divinely dancing outside
The monkey is practicing martial arts
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
A little black dog is running on the snow.
an indicator that orients you generally.
a dog runs through the water.
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
provide lodging for
Three children in a ball pit.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A black dog asleep in a car.
The man is slicing potatoes
urge with or as if with a goad.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
There is no man doing pull-ups
The woman is dancing
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
A small girl is riding in a toy car
A man is athletically jumping a wall
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
The young man is rock climbing
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
enter a realm, become involved with
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
The person is peeling an onion
a channel of social communication
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
A train traveling down the tracks.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
A boy waves around a sparkler.
A horse is not racing
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
injure by turning or rotating
the crown of a flowering plant
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
make an incision or separation
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A monkey is brushing the dog
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
An animal is biting a person's finger
A man is reloading a shotgun
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
make a tour of a certain place.
the act of losing someone or something.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
People standing outside at a carnival.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
interfere with someone else's activity
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
Men are running a race
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A fish is being sliced by a man
A keyboard is being played by a person
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
A kitten is getting bored
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
issue bonds on.
the act of designating a role to someone
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A young boy is using sign language
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Three boys are jumping off a platform
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A boy is practicing the keyboard
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
A dog in in a car.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A couple of boys are playing a video game
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
women's sleeveless undergarment
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
Two children are not playing in the surf
The girl is applying makeup to her face
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
There is no man playing a violin
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
sharpen a razor with a strap
The man is riding a mechanical bull
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
A woman is breaking eggs
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
communicate or signal with a flag.
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
the act of annoying someone or something
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
The black dog is running through the water.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
approach a certain age or speed.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A girl is skipping rope in a park
go back to a previous state.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
where you live at a particular time.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
A brown dog running through the grass.
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
A brown dog is running along a beach.
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
the state of being unsure of something.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
restrict or confine
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
Some people are singing
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
A lady is standing near three children
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
[provide with a new or different resting place
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
A black dog lays in the sand.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
The men are climbing a mountain
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
cause to become widely known.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
Two people in two chairs are talking
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
touch or hold with the hands
The man is cooking slices of potato
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
There is no man playing the guitar
the act of drawing or hauling something.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
A brown dog shaking its head.
Two teams are playing soccer
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
A group of people are standing
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
strike with horror or terror.
There is no man cutting a potato
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
cause to happen or be responsible for.
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
There is no man diving off a cliff
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
presentation of a musical theme
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
There is no cat playing keyboards
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
heat a metal prior to working it.
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
A little boy is topless and is serious
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
There is no monkey kicking a person
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
The guitar is being played by a lady
process or manner of functioning or operating.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
a social gesture of deferential greeting
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
the event of something being raised upward.
Train gliding on tracks.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
A man is slicing a red tomato
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
allow to have.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
a problem.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
the rescue or release of someone, something
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
make a certain noise or sound.
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
A man is riding a horse in the desert
the act of providing incentive to someone
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
The men are having a conversation
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
Swimmers are racing in a lake
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A couple is running towards the ocean
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
A group of people is singing
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
cause to turn on an axis or center.
The rhino is being fed on the grass
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
Women pointing at a geyser.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
Two birds interacting in the grass
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
a man dressed in a batman costume.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
provoke or stir up.
create by putting components or members together.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
an extended area of land.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
the state of being rejected.
any tall, vertical shape
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
a process of development, increase or advancement
Three dogs playing on grass.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
express or transform in a new form or language
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
facility for secure storage of things, often money
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
Different football players are teaming on a field
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
fertilize and cause to grow.
A woman is using a sewing machine
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
A man is roasting a snake
start abruptly.
opening shot in billiards or pool
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
starting page of a website
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
a committee having supervisory powers.
A blond girl is riding the waves
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
maintain with or as if with a bet.
A girl is applying makeup to her face
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
A boy is checking a calendar
A horse is being ridden by a guy
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
A man is putting some food in a container
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
restrict or limit the range of
behave in a certain way.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
move from one place to another.
A dog racing on a track.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
cast off, get rid of something
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
searching for or buying goods or services.
A child rolls around in a large tire.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
the act of choosing, picking one among many
strike as if by whipping.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
the occupants of a floor.
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
the act of giving a speech
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
This dog is jumping through the water.
A girl in a white dress is running
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
get the meaning of something.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
open again, open anew
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
A man is putting away a guitar
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
Two women in a clothing store.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
Two dogs playing in snow.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
A person is not frying meat in a pan
The black dog is lying in the grass.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
A person is singing and playing the guitar
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
Two boxers are in the ring.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
A child runs through the grass.
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
be on base at the end of an inning
The surfer is riding a big wave
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
(cause to) move gently back and forth
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A girl is tapping her fingernails
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
A man is cutting a paper plate
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
rightful portion or stake of something
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
A person is crouching and holding a camera
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
Two dogs are being petted by a man
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
make a hole with a pointed tool
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
A man and a woman are walking
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
move back and forth or sideways.
A man is lifting barbells
A man is parking a motorbike
be in or establish communication with
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A boy is mowing the lawn
provide a feast or banquet for.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
the ability to recall things
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
Horse standing in a field.
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A baby is sitting
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
A woman is adding spices to some meat
make or become thick
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
A crowd of people is near the water
A woman is playing the drums
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
A person is making a bed
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
the processing or operation of something
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
The crowd is not watching a football game
A truck is quickly going up a hill
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
A man is playing the trumpet
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
trace the form or outline of
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A dog is jumping into the water.
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
Older woman holding newborn baby.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
obtain or provide money for.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
A man is dancing on the road
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
A train on the train tracks.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
A woman is putting make-up on
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
a boat floats in the water.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
A dog is catching a black frisbee
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
Two cats are looking at a window.
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A man is picking up a tree
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
Four people are silently standing outdoors
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
Guitar is being played by a man
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
the act of describing something.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
A dog running on the grass
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
A woman is riding a Seadoo
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
The people are standing at a parade
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
A few animals are out of the water
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
Woman at table busy with something.
a statement, an idea expressed in language
make more common, uniform or general
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
A brown dog squating on grass.
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
hold or place in equilibrium
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
a quantity of money.
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
behave in a condescending manner
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
a sculpture of a human or animal
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
beat or pound rapidly
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
contain or hold; have within.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The cat is playing keyboards
The guitar is being played by a man
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
The guitar player is loving one girl
A girl is playing on a swing.
The kid is still in the snow
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
Two dogs running in a field.
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
admit to testing or proof.
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
Black dog running very fast.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
There are no dogs playing in the snow
There is no cat playing a keyboard
become broader or wider or more extensive.
energy in the form of molecular motion
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
a straight length of road or racetrack
the act of giving temporary assistance.
the management of someone or something.
A man is cleaning the sink
the upper part of anything.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
the finger next to the thumb.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
A man is being roped before a climb
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
The dogs are running through the yard.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
Two animals are running through high grass
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
an objective or goal
Two dogs groom each other.
give structure to
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
A man is riding a motorcycle
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A person is eating in a restaurant
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
A person is spreading butter on a tray
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
There is no woman dancing
The train sits at the train station.
be or act in association with.
A man is cutting a bun
bring into being.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
the act of concealing or disguising
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
The man is lowering barbells
an explanation or alibi for something
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
The man is playing a game on a lawn
extend out or project in space.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
two dogs running in the snow
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
The man is lifting weights
the general activity of selling.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
A woman is riding a water scooter
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
A violin is being played by a man
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
The lamb is looking at the camera.
There is no man reading an email
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
There is no parrot speaking
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
(cause to) survive
have need of.
a concern or affair
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
Some food is being fried by a woman
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
There is no man cutting an onion
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
the center region of an object
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
signify or mean to express or convey
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
A woman is cutting meat
A machine is sharpening a pencil
A woman is cutting some flowers
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
The deer is jumping over the low fence
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
A man is running in a field
two tan dogs play in the grass
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
cover with wooden boards; secure
A man is rinsing a large steak
be in direct physical contact with
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
A mental state of sadness.
remove from memory or existence.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
pass time in a particular place or way
an intuitive understanding of something.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
thread on or as if on a string.
A tiger cub is making a sound
become hard or harder.
Something that provides advice.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
to fill with coal or oil
The person is painting
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
show devotion to (a deity).
a person who is a member of the senate
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
the place within which an authority has power
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
The windows are being cleaned by a man
A lemur is eating
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
A pizza is being eaten by a man
Two men are fighting
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
Cars racing on a dirt track
Young men are dancing in front of some people
A woman is chopping onions
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
A black dog retrieves a bird.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
Two dogs play in the grass.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
A brown dog is standing in a lake
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
connect with; reach a target or goal
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
There is no cat swinging on a fan
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
give away something that is not needed
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
A kid is playing a guitar
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
tell or spread rumors; say
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
a young child running along the shore at a beach
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
A man is disassembling the drum
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
A dog running through the water.
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A tiger is walking outside a cage
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
A man and a woman are walking nicely
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
take vows, as in religious order.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
People are sitting near a wall
make up something artificial or untrue.
Two people are playing ping pong
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
A dog is licking a baby
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
guide, draw through
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
Two men are hugging
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
Physically raise from a lower position.
partake in a feast or banquet.
the activity of removing a resource
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
mark or cover with or as if with dots
The woman is looking at the view of a city
move as a crowd or in a group.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A dog running on the beach
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
Two children are hanging on a large branch
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
A train is running on the tracks.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
the act of hearing attentively.
A cat looking out of a window.
build, make by combining materials or parts
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
A bird flies across the water.
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
the activity of providing supplies
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
give up right or possession to another
reshow a play or broadcast
reach a destination or goal
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
A woman is dancing in a cage
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
a pair of people who live together.
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
Two people are kissing near a crowd
A man in a hat is walking through a store
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
The man is driving a car carefully
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
A dog is running towards a ball
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
cause to be in brief contact with.
A man is not playing a flute
The brown dog is running in the snow
severance from a social connection or tie
move to and fro.
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
duplicate or match.
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
Two buses parked on a street.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
The man is cutting the tape on the box
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
An indicator that orients one generally.
The man isn't playing the piano
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
A man is firing a shotgun
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
verify something by comparing to a standard
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
remove to or from a place or situation
A woman is slicing herbs
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
a strong current of air.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
A bird soars with wings spread.
The cat is eating some corn
The woman is seasoning the oil
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
act against or in opposition to.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
cause to come into existence; create
become quiet or still; fall silent.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
The doctors are reviving a man
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
A woman is sewing with a machine
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
examine minutely; search diligently
cover the front or surface of.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
state of being unified
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A deer is jumping over a wall
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
Boy laying on couch with dog.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
A group of sheep in a field.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Three friends are making faces for the camera
A group of people is near the ocean
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A boy in a headband plays drums.
A man is holding up an electronic device
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
A dog and cat laying down together.
the act of breaking something.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
Two children jump on a trampoline.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
a verbal or written request for access to something.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
the state of being more than full.
The dog is catching a blue ball
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
Boy feeding a sheep.
A girl slides down a purple slide.
a fourth part of a year; three months.
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
the amount by which something decreases.
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
Two children are rolling in dirty water
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
A man is shooting guns
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
make or become brighter or lighter
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
A woman is not cutting shrimps
a special set of circumstances.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
a surfer rides up the wave.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
the act of contacting one thing with another.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Two men on the side of a barge
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A man is riding a motorbike
A boy is not playing a guitar
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
support on the back and shoulders.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
A little dog is running on the sand
pronounce with a nasal twang
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
A man is removing some food from a box
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
infer or believe to be the case
the act of damaging something or someone.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
A woman is boiling shrimps
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
A person is removing the butter from a tray
The girl is on a swing.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
strike the air in flight.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
a person who is a member of a partnership.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
A person is slicing some ginger
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
run around the rim of.
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
A yellow dog in the snow.
There is no dog running with a volleyball
A man is making a speech on a podium
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
A woman is painting a man's face
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
People are riding two camels on the sand
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
A subway train pulling into the station.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
A tan dog runs through the snow.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
provide with power and authority.
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
the act of exploding or bursting.
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
A mostly black train on a track.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
A dog runs through the snow.
A dog is walking away from a baby
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
Runners are competing in a race
A dog runs through the grass.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
A little girl is running.
A person is standing on a mountain top
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A man is thinking
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A boy is shredding a calendar
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
change the key of, in music.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
The person is eating
A man is doing exercise
use up (resources or materials).
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
Three ice skaters round a corner.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
A dog swims in the water.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
prefer or wish to do something.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
a specified portion of a whole
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
Different teams are playing football on a field
A woman is diving into a pool
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
A woman is slicing carrots
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
There is no person slicing a potato
There is no man shooting a shotgun
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
a demanding or stimulating situation.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
A dog is running on the beach.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
A woman is not cutting broccoli
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
the quality of dissimilarity
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The man is not slicing a potato
A kid is playing the guitar
two dogs running on the beach
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
cause to procreate (animals).
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
A red double decker bus on a city street.
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A person is peeling an onion
the act of referring or consulting.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
assign to or arrange into categories
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
A man is working on the computer
The man is riding a horse by a stream
save from an experience, action or harm
have as a logical consequence.
A woman is sitting in the water.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
the public submission of a legal record
A paper plate is being cut by a man
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
get or find back; recover the use of.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
Garlic is being diced by the woman
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
preserve in a can or tin.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
A woman is combing her hair
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
regard with consideration or respect
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
A man is working on the laptop
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
A man with a hard hat is dancing
to interrupt, enter uninvited
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
A woman is dancing
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
Two girls are playing guitar
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A child is holding a squirt gun
carry, as on one's back.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
A green car parked outside the saloon.
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
Old blue and white train on tracks.
A dog swimming in a pond
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
One cat is playing with a watermelon
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
Many people run in a race on a street.
A person is chopping a red onion
The lady is eating slices of meat
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
A flute is being played by a girl
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
the act of lifting something
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
prove or corroborate
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
A woman is eating a piece of meat
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
The boy is checking a calendar
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
A lady is putting on makeup
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
A girl is not playing the guitar
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
The woman is cooking eggs
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
A woman is cutting broccoli
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
a written list of particular things being offered
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
There is no person riding a bike
A girl is messing up her hair
storage cabinet furniture
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
The girl is riding the horse
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
take legal action against, as in court
Two girls jump out of swings.
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
show to be invalid.
the space where a division or parting occurs.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
become aware of through the senses
A player is running with the ball
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
an instance of halting some motion
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
(cause to) move around
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
do something considered below one's diginty
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
a dog runs through the long grass.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
recover posession or get back again
A baby is licking a dog
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
advance or set forth in court.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
say, state, or perform again
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
hit or return before it touches the ground
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
start suddenly, as from fright.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A horse is being ridden by a man
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
terminate an association with.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A door is being opened by a man
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
An onion is being sliced by a woman
A man is mowing a lawn
A boy is tapping his fingernails
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
a sudden, brief burst of light
A child swinging on a playground play set.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
mark with a scar.
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
Two baby pandas are playing
A woman is peeling food
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
The man isn't doing a magic trick
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
set or ask for a certain price.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
remove tree stumps from.
No little dog is running on the sand
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
A small cat is lying on a bed
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
move to a lower position, terminate something
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
A dog plays in the water.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
One small child is filling the cup with water
free from obligations or duties.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
Three children stand on or near a fence.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
A girl is playing a guitar
A woman is exercising
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
the act of choosing or selecting.
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
arrangement
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
the soft padding under a saddle
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
People travel up the elevator together.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
A dog runs through a field.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
Two dogs run through the snow.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
A boy is playing on a toy phone
make believe with the intent to deceive.
Three dogs run through a field.
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
shoot down, of birds.
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
Two children go sledding.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
the act of constructing something.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A man is spreading dough
A topless woman is being covered in mud
a general trait or characteristic of something
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
two girls walking in the street
Boys are dancing in front of some people
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A few people are dancing
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
The person is setting fire to the cameras
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
A white plane on the runway.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
There is no white car being driven by the man
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
The woman is poking holes in the potato
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
The men are not talking
People are walking through a crowded street
The person is standing on white ice
A cat song is being played on a piano
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
The hairy man is sitting on a train
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
hold or carry in equilibrium.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
A girl jumping in the grass.
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
A woman is parking a Seadoo
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
A computer on a desk.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
Two men are talking
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
A man is erasing some figures
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
end of the American Revolution
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A dalmation is running along the beach.
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
Two dogs are playing on a beach
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
A person is standing near a motorcycle
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
A person is eating a cut onion
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
the end or completion of something.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
Three dogs play by a lake.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
A man is talking on the phone
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
the act of putting a preparation on something.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
A woman is cutting potatoes
There is no man spitting
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
The baby is laughing and crawling
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
The dog is not catching a blue ball
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
A woman is not frying meat
make a logical or causal connection.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
a way of conceiving something.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
Medicines
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
A keyboard is being played by a man
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
a judgement or opinion about something
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
The man is slicing a potato
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
Two dogs run through a field.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
The woman is eating
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
Bring back to life, return from the dead
Five black dogs run in a field.
A dog is looking around
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
give to a charity or good cause.
The man is rising from a swamp
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
A man blowing a large bubble.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
A child goes skiing.
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A woman is unstitching with a machine
protect or fight for as a champion.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
terminate, end, or take out.
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
cause to move, cause to be moved
interfere in someone else's activity.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
A man is playing the drums
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
a section of a composition, textual or musical
make or be a summary
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
have or be covered with bristles
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
a dog runs across the land.
The man is removing knives from a tree
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Grass is being mowed by a man
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
Two dogs playing in grass.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
cause to be firmly attached.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
A dog is running on a snowy path
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
the activity of breaking or splintering something
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
The man is rock climbing
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
a dog napping under a small table.
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
There is no man cutting onions
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
A wooden flute is being played by a man
military personnel lost by death or capture.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
argue or speak in defense of.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
A man is playing the guitar
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
go one's own way; move apart.
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
a dog sprints across the grass.
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
characteristic call of an animal
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
make a film or photograph of something.
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
An interview is being granted by the man
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
two people who are married to each other.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
meshed frame over windows and doors
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
A guitar is being played by a man
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A brown dog digs in the sand.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
The cats are playing with each other
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
a rationale or reason for something
A white dog running on the beach.
The turtle is following the red fish
A black dog walks through some water.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
Two dogs are playing by a tree
An animated airplane is landing
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
write as if with print; not cursive.
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
Some men are sawing
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
the act of rejecting something.
One man is turning on the microwave
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
the speech act of objecting.
The man is doing floor exercises
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
emit a steady even light without flames.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
an observer of a process or activity
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Two dogs playing on carpet.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
edge tool used in shaving.
to make ready, fit out
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
A woman is putting on makeup
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
A few people are singing
a lid or top of a container
A man practicing boxing
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
hurt, feel physical pain
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
the act of granting rights.
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
The meat is being dropped into a pan
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
Couple with newborn baby.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
revolve
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
handle effectively.
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
A man is riding a mechanical bull
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
A picture is being drawn by a man
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
assign to a particular task
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
part; cease or break association with.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
Two kids splashing in the water.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
refer for judgment or consideration.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
throw with force or recklessness.
A black dog walking beside a pool.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
The guitar is being sold by a lady
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
A young girl is standing on one leg
A person is riding an electric bicycle
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
A man is riding a horse
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
A boy is running through the grass
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
A woman resting her face on her hand.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
mark with scars
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
hand over or put in
creating a picture with paints.
The dog is running through a field.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
A man is jumping into a full pool
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
The boy is playing a guitar
a loud resonant repeating noise.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
The person is drawing
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
A cat is playing with a device
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A group of people having their picture taken.
A man is lazing
provide or equip with furniture.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
coerce by violence or with threats.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
the day before today
rein in a horse to lose a race
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
There is no woman slicing a potato
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
A flat screen TV on the floor.
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
a person who plants bombs.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
People sitting on the porch.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
the act of chipping something.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
be the culminating event.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A person is not holding a skunk
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Man rowing a boat.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
A woman is putting away the garlic
the act of pulling a load
move or gather in a hive
sheep standing in afield.
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
the act of pressing together firmly
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
The dog is having a rest in the living room
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
a military fortification, stronghold
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
The person is carefully slicing a potato
A brown and white dog running into the water
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
devote oneself to a special area of work.
decide upon or fix definitely.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
Some runners are competing in a race
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
Two cats are fighting each other
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
remove from a position or office.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
A man is reading the email
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
provide with a toggle or toggles.
a brief experience of something.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
A dig is trekking through snow.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
the status or fact of being elected.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
The man is talking on the phone
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
Two trains inside a train station.
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
A cat is playing a piano
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
Two black dogs run through a field.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
conform to a metrical pattern.
Five adults are sitting on a chair
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
the act of suction
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
Two men on boat floating on the water.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
Two young children are eating corndogs
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
A woman is chopping an onion
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A man is not riding a bicycle
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
a caress with the lips
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
Some racers are running down a track
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A gray bird is flying over the water.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
Three women are sitting in a village
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Someone is cleansing an animal
A person is cutting some mushrooms
One white dog is staring at the black street
the act of sorting things into categories
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
A dog is catching a ball
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
A tree is being picked up by a man
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
request urgently and forcefully.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
A tiger is sitting
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
get rid of as if by submerging.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
 have sex with
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
A man is dancing on the floor
The girl is watering the plants
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
the verbal act of offering.
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
have a logical result
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
Two people are not riding motorbikes
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
exercise authoritative control or power over.
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
A snow slide is full of kids
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
A child playing on a playground play set.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
surround completely.
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
the state of being employed or having a job.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
medium of exchange minted by a government
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
role or function of the head of a government department
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
The man is playing with a skull
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
A white dog runs into a lake.
There is no person peeling an onion
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
Some cheerleaders are dancing
Three women are standing still
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A kid is playing the piano
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
Three people are driving ATVs
A dog is standing in the sand.
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
free from obligations, service or confinement
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
show consideration for; take into account.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
The curious boys look in the shed.
put a harness.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
A black dog running on a beach.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
A group of football players is running in the field
A person is combing the fur of a cat
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
take away a vital or essential part of.
organize anew, as after a setback.
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
Three men are dancing
the act of expressing approval, support of something
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
There is no man eating a pizza
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
The man is not performing a large jump
Black and white dog running through water.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man is coming down a rope
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
A woman is rowing a boat
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
The white dog is running along the beach.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
A small black dog is in the grass.
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
Two white puppies are playing near water
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
deal with according to routine or procedure
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
A deer jumping over a fence.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
A multi-colored train on a track.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
A dog with golden fur is in the water
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A woman is singing into a microphone
The boy isn't playing in the mud
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A boy is rock climbing.
A group of people is on a beach
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
Two black dogs in the snow.
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
come back after being refused.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
The seagull is floating on the water.
The man is playing a game on the grass
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
the action of extending outwards
a chance to do something.
A man is untying a rope
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
There is no dog playing with a red ball
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
Four people are floating on a raft
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
A man is cutting a tomato
A couple is looking at a street guide
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
A lion is slowly moving around
A married couple is walking down the aisle
A group of people are dancing in a show
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
be equal to in quality or ability.
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
There is no man eating cereal
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
a white dog runs across the water.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
There is no boy playing a piano
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
Three dogs running through a puddle.
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
go up or advance.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
let or cause to fall in drops.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
furnish with a guideline
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A monkey is practicing martial arts
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
a group of surfers catching a wave
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
persuade or achieve acceptance
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
give a neat appearance to, neaten
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
stamp or emboss with a block
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
A man is frying a tortilla
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
A dog is barking noisily
shoot down birds
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
No dog is running through the snow
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A man is playing a keyboard
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
move an implement through.
a method for solving a problem
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
Rugby is being played by some men
Two men are standing in deep water
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
Improve by pruning or polishing
take up someone's soul into heaven.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
There is no man slicing potatoes
Children play fight with swords.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
run or move very quickly or hastily.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
A cat is sitting on a piano
Two brown dogs running through water.
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
the role of the head of a government department.
A woman riding a brown horse.
A cat is playing a keyboard
A big potato is knocking a green ball
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
White dog outside with two people in background.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
return to a former condition.
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
House with a red door.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A dog is wading in the water.
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
something that is desired intensely.
make lighter or brighter.
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
The man is jumping into the water.
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
A black dog is running in the snow
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
act or do something in reaction to something
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
A child in water.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
time to come
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
A yellow boat on shore.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
the act of beginning something new.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
There is no woman slicing a fish
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
The brown dog is running across the sand.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
Some dogs are playing in a river
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
bend into the shape of a crank.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
A young man is running away from the fishing line
There is no woman slicing a tomato
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
A girl is wearing sunglasses
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
A girl is exercising
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A child is hitting a baseball
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
A person in pink is running onto the field
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
something recalled to the mind.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
A brown dog is jumping in the air
a member of a police force.
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
A white dog with a collar is running.
render one language in another language
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
There is no man reading the email
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A person is diving into clear blue water.
There is no person slicing an onion
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
The man is aiming a gun
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
A person is slicing an onion
A woman is putting on lipstick
create code or computer programs
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
reach or come to rest.
A woman is arranging her hair
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
a group of dogs playing
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
The man is handling a gun
a state of extreme anger.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
A man riding a white horse.
A woman with a white horse.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A large flute is being played by a man
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
One man is riding a horse
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
physically inflate
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
Two dogs playing on the beach.
There is no man playing a guitar
a man running track
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
Two panda bears are lying together
A dog rolls on the ground.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
return to a prior state
Three men posing in a tent.
There is no man riding a motorcycle
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is dropping a tree
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
There is no man slicing a potato
direct the course of; manage or control.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
A white dog runs on the sand.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
A woman is cutting butter
the trade of a funeral director.
Change one for another
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Nobody is beating an egg
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
A man is throwing away a guitar
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
Man playing game in a store.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
a social set or clique of friends
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
put into or keep in a stall
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
the legal state of owing money
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
cause to move faster.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
A child is experiencing a new world
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
Parked white double decker bus.
A man is playing keyboards
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
The man is eating potato slices
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A woman is slicing garlic
The black dog is running on the grass.
A bird sits in a tree.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
take action or behave in a certain way
A person is dicing an onion
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
the tactile (touch) quality something has
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
Two men are walking through the water
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
The man is lifting barbells
The woman is handling a frog
A woman is dancing on a stage
Two men are swimming in deep water
A man is slicing butter
take into one's family.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
The car is being driven by a man
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
The chef is seasoning the oil
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
get rid of.
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
to distribute systematically or strategically.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
advance warning or notification of something
remove the husks from.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
A person is not making a bed
the act of giving someone a job.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
behave in a certain manner.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
A person is being kicked by a monkey
a part of a forked or branching shape.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
Child milking a cow outside.
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A person is coming out of the water
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A fish is being cut by a man
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
the force used in pulling.
a usually brief attempt.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
to wind or move in a spiral course.
The dogs are walking in the desert.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
increase the volume of.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
There is no man opening a door
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
The man is riding a horse by a creek
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
A cartoon airplane is landing
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
A man is putting away a carrot
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
A red, double-decker bus.
A close-up of a brown horse.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
abstain from eating.
A tan dog is resting in the snow
The trumpet is being played by a man
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
go around the rim of
Two cubs are playing
regard something as probable or likely.
give surety or assume responsibility.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
an expanse of land
A dog runs in the woods.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
There is no lady cutting up some meat
Some people are walking
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
The small dog protects its owner.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
A child pushes another child on a swing.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
A person is playing a piano
A man is not dancing
The men are playing soccer
A brown dog is sitting down
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
The woman and the man are travelling by car
money in the form of bills or coins.
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
Someone is playing piano
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
two puppies playing around in the grass
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
make less severe or strict.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
A woman leading a white horse.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
A monkey is riding a bike
set forth as an introduction or preface
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
Two dogs are running through high grass
The cows feed in the trough.
A bicycle in a dining room.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
the act of grasping into one's arms
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
become unfit for consumption or use.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
A boy is running on the beach
the act of putting something in a certain place.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
A dog running through snow.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
the act of projecting out from something.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
Remove tree stumps from an area.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
A white dog running in the snow.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
The man is practicing the guitar
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
the act of applying force suddenly.
A small dog leaps in the water.
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
The person is writing
(cause to) be overlaid with something
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
The man is not cutting a paper plate
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
catch in or as if in a trap.
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A dog is running with a volleyball
Three people racing on ice skates.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
Two men are playing guitar
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
A man is chopping butter into a container
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A large pile of scrap wood.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
the act of creating written works.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
The horse is being ridden by a man
A man is having lunch
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
a small, indefinite portion of something
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
coerce by violence, fill with terror
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
draw a cross in the air over something
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
A dog running through deep snow pack.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
There is no little girl playing the piano
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
A man is playing a trumpet
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
move with a thrashing motion.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
One man is intensely playing a guitar
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
A man is not playing keyboards
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
There is no man sharpening a knife
There is no woman slicing tofu
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
Football players are stretching together.
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
impress or affect deeply.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
make or become less strict or severe
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A dog is running with a ball
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Two people in two chairs are reading
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
People sitting on acouch.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
A train is at a train station.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
take or capture by force.
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
the state of being connected.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
the center of an object.
A man is riding a horse on the beach
A little girl is smiling and running outside
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
A dog catching a ball.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
The upper part of a column.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
a company that provides public service commodities
A woman is not peeling a potato
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
the essence or gist of something
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
lessen in force, impact, or effect
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
A man is playing a harp
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
There is no man playing flute
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
A bird flies above the water.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
an inherent aptitude or talent
A woman and three kids play at a park.
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
Living room or den with large screen television.
A young kid is jumping into water
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A dog is running through the ocean.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
a fast rate or occurrence of something
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
A plane is landing
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
Two boys are playing a video game
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
duplicate, match
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
a major branch of a tree
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
There is no man eating a banana
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
Two people are riding motorbikes
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
An organization that sponsors a large public event
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
Two smiling women holding a baby.
A piano is being played by a man
The doctor is not helping the patient
A surfer is falling off the wave
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
a disease of the heart.
The man and woman are not walking
There is no man fishing in the river
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A light brown dog is running in the water
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
A child is missing a baseball
Two cats are playing with a red ball
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
A small dog runs through a field.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
A little white dog running through the sand.
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
A man is singing and playing the guitar
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A man is cutting a lemon
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
There is no woman putting on lipstick
The men are not dancing
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
A man walks two dogs in the city.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
A tiger is strolling around
a dog shews on a big stick.
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
cause (someone) to undergo something.
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
The boy is playing in the sand.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
Touch with the lips.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
A classroom is empty
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
maintain, assert, or claim
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
the fashionable elite of a given community
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
a formation of people or things one beside another.
A man is putting down the guitar
Two dogs playing in a yard.
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
be the host of or for.
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
A dog is lying on a trampoline
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
throw with force
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
The potato is being peeled by the lady
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
luggage compartment of a car
Two men in hats pose together.
A football game is being watched by the crowd
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
A woman is playing volley ball.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
remove by pinching or snipping
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
stain with a dirty substance
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
a native of ancient Troy.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
a name given to a product or service.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
a portion or percentage of a whole
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
bring to a certain spiritual state.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
A group of men is fighting
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
Some men are fighting
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
Two girls are sitting on the ground
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
Several sheep grazing in the field.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
anything illusory, not concrete or real
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
A woman is boiling noodles in water
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
a black dog digging through the snow.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
Two men are racing in the water.
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
make or become wider or more extensive
the act of cracking something.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
social ranking or position
A woman is performing in the rain
A woman is not talking on a telephone
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
Two dogs on the beach.
A brown dog running over grass.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
A cow is eating hay
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A baby is playing with a toy
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
take in (mentally or physically)
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
A man is riding an electric bicycle
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
put an end to.
A woman is playing an electric guitar
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
The dog is catching a ball
A black dog jumping into a lake.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
A person near an onion has a cut
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
depict or portray in art, words, or model
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
Two dogs are resting on the beach
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
persuade somebody to accept something.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
Three people preparing to canoe.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
a sharp side of an object
an obligation to pay or do something.
Room with several computer monitors.
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
the height of the sea's surface
a group of people appointed to a committee
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
Man and child skiing.
People on an amusement park ride.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
the introductory portion of a story
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
A person is playing a trumpet
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
the act of reasoning, cogitation
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A man is walking in a city street
become due
measure the time or duration of
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
the greatest possible degree of something.
feel hot or painful.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
an aptitude that may be developed.
A girl is on a jumping car
give an interpretation or rendition of.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
The doctors are not reviving a man
There is no girl riding a horse
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
any new participant in some activity.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
A skateboarder doing a jump.
something that floats on the surface of water.
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
want, desire or perfer to do something
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
A pencil is being sharpened
The woman is slicing herbs
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
Nobody is slicing a tomato
A box is being cut by a man
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
fetching something from a source
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
come up, as of a liquid.
A red bird is perched in a tree.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A person is buttering a tray
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
a brief attempt at some endeavor
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
There is no woman firing a rifle
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
to act as the host of
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
Someone is stirring food in the water
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
Two women posing with a baby.
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
A man is cutting a paper
A man is mowing grass
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
feel physical pain.
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
relative darkness of a color
A man is folding a tortilla
Two white dogs are running together.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
the ground level of a multi-storied building
A young boy is playing a guitar
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
anything with the form of a thin strip
A dog is running toward the camera.
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A man is standing on a sidewalk
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Furnish with metal spurs.
the motion of one object relative to another.
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
gather, as of natural products.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
Three dogs running through a field.
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
Left side of a silver train engine.
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
the translation of an opus from one language to another
Two young women shear a sheep.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
Young boys running along the pavement.
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
The black dog is not running through the grass
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
allow the passage of air
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A big fish is catching a man
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
There is no dog running on the road
Young couple sitting on couch.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
the last section of a communication.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
prevent from entering; keep out.
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
give a performance (of something).
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
the act of making up your mind about something.
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
A woman picking up a large rock.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
There is no man mowing grass
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A dog is riding a skateboard
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A plane is taking off
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
A man is eating a fruit
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A black dog is jumping out of water.
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
hit before it touches the ground.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
A man is jumping rope in a field
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
A large boat on the sea.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
The drums are being played by a man
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
The dog is running in the grass.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
the state of being actual or real.
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
People are riding and paddling a raft
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
a separate and self-contained entity.
the introductory section of a story.
Identify, establish location or identity
break up a solid, usually into a solution
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
Birds fly low over water.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
A woman is cutting garlic
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
A boy is standing in the water
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
indicate a decision in regard to.
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
A woman is storing broccoli
the hard upper part of the human nose
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
be a signal for or a symptom of.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
A woman is frying fish
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
People are walking through a street which is crowded
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
Two dogs in a yard.
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
club or association of people with a shared interest
an automobile race run over public roads.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A prawn is being cut by a woman
take up with the tongue.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
A green car parked at a saloon.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
A man is planting a tree
elevated wooden porch of a house
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
Two dogs play with purple football.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
the act of substituting one thing for another
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A bald person is playing a guitar
write as if with print, not in cursive
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
A black train moves down the tracks.
The white dog runs across the snow.
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
The surfer is riding a small wave
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
A dog is biting a can
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
Make reference to something.
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
The man is performing a large jump
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
formally announce the termination of an agreement
a body of students who are taught together.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
One man is turning off the microwave
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
A big green ball is knocking a potato
appear in a certain way.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
attack as if with claws.
make something more diverse and varied.
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
correct by punishment or discipline.
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
a constructed underground passageway
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
The piece of paper is being cut
A little girl is playing a guitar
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
People is standing against a wall
A boy is running through the sand
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
register formally as a participant
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
The man is talking about the telephone
Four dogs run in the grass.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
An airplane is flying through the air
Two people are riding a motorcycle
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
A person is tearing paper
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
A brown dog is running through green grass.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
a boxing or wrestling match.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
A man is getting into an automobile
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
rounded end of a bone
There is no light brown dog running up a street
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
something serving as a cover or protection.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
An onion is being sliced
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
There is no man praying
A surfer is riding a big wave
make up something fictional or untrue
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
room where work or repairs are done
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
the act of explaining or defending something
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
Limit in quantity or quality.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
the act of terminating a life.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
A dog shaking off water.
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
alternative names for the body of a human being.
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
the money
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
act of moving or conveying something
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
make less hostile; win over.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
A black and white dog runs through grass.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
A concentrated woman is playing flute
A girl is communicating with sign language
Two dogs are running through the park
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
An onion is being sliced by a person
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
provide with a toggle
People are singing and a clown is dancing
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
a casual, brief meeting with someone
lowest employee salary permitted by law
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
A person is writing
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
settlement of people distant from their homeland
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
The state of being absent.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
A person is dancing
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
fail to attend to.
marriage offer
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
the act of designating or identifying something.
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
rot; become unfit for consumption
A woman is being caged for the dance
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
The machine is not shaving a pencil
Two boys are talking on the phone
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
attract; cause to be enamored.
A clown is singing and people are dancing
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
furnish with spars.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
a group of children playing with a dog
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
something considered trite but amusing
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
clear mucus from one's throat
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
A man is walking outside
A man is speaking on a podium
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
People riding something in the snow.
sharpen with a strap.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A person is driving the white car
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
An instance of visual perception.
A dog is running through some water.
committee with supervisory powers
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Two dogs playing in the water.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
A bottle is being licked by the cat
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
the condition of being motivated.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
an arrangement scheme.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
Someone is cleaning an animal
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
a channel for communication between groups.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
A boy is eating a cupcake
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
The military officer is barking at the recruits
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
make shine
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
A man is cleaning a dish
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
A playing device is amusing a cat
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
A woman is watching the lake
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
A person is packing a zucchini
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
(the content of) a communication.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
A black dog digs in the snow.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
There is no window being cleaned by a man
A man is slicing an onion
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
The act of having and controlling property.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
A black dog is standing in deep water
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
A person is riding a horse
an aggregation of things or people
A man on a bike nest to a river.
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
A dog is running through a pond
A boy running through surf on a beach.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
Discipline in personal or social activities.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
put or set into, between or among
glean or gather natural products
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
A lone biker is jumping in the air
An animal is barking at a ball
Three friends are making faces for a photo
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
A little girl is peddling a scooter
A man is singing and playing a guitar
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Two older men in front of a bus.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
Two brown dogs play in the water.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
Two dogs running on the beach.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
compel to behave in a certain way.
Two young women sit by a fountain.
make images or sounds less sharp
Two dogs running along dirt path.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
go to see for professional or business reasons.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
a change for the better.
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
change the arrangement or position of.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
a dog jumps into the pond.
something that attains victory
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
The guitar is being played by a kid
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
A chef is preparing some food
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
the state of being in contact
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
A man is walking in the rain
A rope is being climbed by a man
A woman is playing flute
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
Children jumping on a trampoline.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A flute is being put away by a girl
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
A baseball player throws the ball.
Someone is holding a small animal
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
two woman looking into a glass case.
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
one fourth of a year
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
Nobody is jumping off a platform
the act of choosing among alternatives
A brown dog in a field.
find, determine the place of
The turtle isn't following the fish
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
the natural progression or development of something
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
People are playing cricket
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
A man is dancing
People are sitting at tables in a red room
put in a dangerous position
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Make marks in the surface of.
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
There is no lemur eating
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
a black dog swimming through a river.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
A child in the snow.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
A brown dog is walking in the water.
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
remove the pod, husk or shell
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
cause to grow thin or weak.
study intensively, as before an exam.
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
decorative cover for a bed.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
Two children are playing on a statue
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
A clown is singing
Brown dog splashing into the water.
A man and a woman kiss.
become due for repayment.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A boy is happily playing the piano
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
The woman is putting makeup on the man
The dog is having a rest in the park
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
an approximate definition or example.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
Man standing in front of silver train.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
an established line of travel or access.
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
There is no woman cutting an onion
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
A man is making a sketch
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Follow one's own or another's path
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
an opinion formed by judging something.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
A cow is not eating hay
The boy is playing in the mud
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
protect with or as if with a shield
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
(Cause to) be covered with something.
idolize/show devotion to
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
A few animals are playing in the water
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
regain or make up for.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
A boy is saying a word
A man is sharpening a knife
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
A group of football players running down the field.
get involved with or mixed up
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
the reduction of something's value or worth.
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
A woman is deboning a fish
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
A woman is putting away a carrot
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
A passenger train in the snow.
A dog running on the grass.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
the trait of being well behaved.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
stretch out completely.
The panda bear is lying on the logs
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A black dog running through the snow.
A man kayaks in rough water.
A boy is playing a guitar
A person is dancing on the ceiling
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
A man is drawing on a board
A small white dog is running across a lawn
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
A band is performing on a stage
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
A woman is being massaged by a man
The woman is not slicing herbs
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
A woman is frying meat
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
the act of becoming more distant.
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
A little girl is playing the piano
come up, as of liquid or gas
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
A black and white dog is running through the field.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
The man is going into the water.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
state of being active, bustling about
put heels on a shoe
lack of agreement or harmony.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
The man is operating a stenograph
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
an unofficial association of people or groups.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
A toddler is sitting down
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A man is being roped by a climber
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
orient, be positioned
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A woman is not cutting tofu
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
Two dogs are running in the field.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
A kid is playing guitar
a unit cost of something
A seabird is flying over some rocks
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
the act of providing a subsidy.
Two baby pandas are sleeping
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
A girl is waking up
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
assign to a specific task.
make amorous or sexual advances toward
We think they have the right to choose.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
be a sign or indication of.
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
A band is playing onstage
An animal is running tiredly in circles
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
A group of young women stand together.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
four people sitting at a table.
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
A dog is biting a mop.
break down, literally or metaphorically.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
cause to make a snapping sound.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
a computer server
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A boy is studying a calendar
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
contain or have a specific wording or information
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
Three children playing on the floor.
maintain or assert.
class of students taught together
A person is rinsing a steak with water
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
A lemur is licking a person's finger
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
provide veterinary care for.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
a boat moving in a river.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
a serving of a beverage
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
take up or begin anew.
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
A lady is cutting up some meat
The man is slicing vegetables
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
a state of extreme poverty.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
A woman is standing near three children
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
A white car is being driven by the man
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
The man is drawing a gun
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
take apart into constituent pieces
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
Two white dogs are running together
A man and a woman laughing.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
retreat or move from a position, relocate
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A black dog running through water.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
insert or close with a plug
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
a woman with a big necklace.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
A man is jumping rope outside
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
something that is made real or concrete.
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
The man is eating a banana by a tree
a dog pounces on the grass.
The dog is running through the dry sand
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
A man is making a phone call
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A woman is firing a weapon
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
a loss of function
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
give certain properties to something.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
physical force that draws objects together
make undue claims to having.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
A girl is eating a cupcake
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
take or capture by force or authority
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A band is not playing some instruments
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A guitar is being played by a girl
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
The man is putting away the bread
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
Some food is being eaten by a man
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
clean with hard rubbing.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
A man is emptying a plastic container
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
cover with a primer base
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
A plane in the sky.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
The person is not going into the water
There is no woman deep frying food
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
Two men are not holding fishing poles
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
decorate a manuscript with red
A young boy is riding a bike.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
A man is playing a guitar
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
Look furtively at something.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
A rhino is grazing in a field
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A man is slicing a bun
The animal is grazing on the grass
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
a single serving of a beverage.
a state of being elevated or raised
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
An electronic storage device.
unite or merge with something already in existence.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
The dog is running through the wet sand
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
Give suck to; receive suck.
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
the act of fastening things together.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
an aggressive willingness to compete.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
The windows are being polished by a man
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
being in a protected state or condition
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
write all the required information
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
A machine is sharpening a knife
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
The friends are making faces for the camera
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
And I really liked him, and I still do.
The human act of making something new.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
A boy is playing an instrument
There is no man playing soccer
A group of Asian girls are standing together
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
the act of raising something.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
A small monkey is walking through water
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
the event of gradually vanishing from view
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A dog is running on the road
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
A sheep standing in a forest.
A man climbing a cliff face.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A dog runs in the snow.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
A man practices boxing
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
Put a harness on.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
cause to regain consciousness.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
pass the tongue over.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
manner of handling, managing someone or something
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
bubble over with a certain feeling
A man is racing
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
A young boy is jumping into water
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
be a reason, cause, or justification of
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
Four people are walking on the beach
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
give a thrashing to, beat
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
A lemur is eating quickly
A man in a tux on a white horse.
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
A dog is opening a can of food
A young girl is standing on both legs
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
A man is playing the flute
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
A golden retriever is running
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
A woman is cleaning a man's face
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
travel; make a tour of a place
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
the activity of putting something in written form.
A sheep standing near her children.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
A small white dog running
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
Four people row a canoe in water.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
An email is being read by a man
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
cause to be hanging or suspended.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
A blond girl waves while she is riding
A man is eating near the kittens
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
People on motorbikes in a city street.
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
There is no man mixing
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
position or location change
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
forcefully request
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
Assign a new time for an event
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
A man is packing a violin
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
hold or embrace in a tight grip
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
A young couple is not lying in bed
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
face an event and survive; endure
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A white horse is standing
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
Two dogs are running through a green yard
A man is sitting in the rain
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A man is drawing a picture
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
the act of changing the location of something.
A squirrel is lying down
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
clean, wash thoroughly
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A passenger train sits in the station.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
Someone is drawing a person
A woman is cutting shrimps
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
A cat looking at the camera.
Nobody is riding a bike
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
A man is slowly dancing on the road
A brown dog running after a young cow.
lock with one another
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
smell by inhaling through the nose
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
There is no man playing guitar
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
provide a seat or base for
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
The cow is grazing in a field.
There is no baby talking
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Two groups of people are playing football
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
fix to; attach.
return in thought or speech to something.
to lecture formally to an audience
Two poodles are running through the snow.
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
a group of skiers going up a mountain
A woman is being measured by another woman
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
A person is eating at a table
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
One young lady is jumping on the car
an offer of marriage.
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
A plane flying at a distance.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
fluctuate, move back and forth
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
have faith or confidence in.
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
A football player kicks the ball.
A dog is rolling from side to side
A man is shooting with a bow
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
giving a reference or citation of something
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
Children are playing in ground fountains
rehearse, learn by repetition
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
The man is denying an interview
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
Two dogs running through sand.
The woman is not dancing
a party of people assembled for dancing.
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
A man is opening a box with a knife
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
One boy is happily playing a piano
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
Paper is being cut with scissors
A man is cutting a potato
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
react to in a certain way.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
Young baby girl sitting on table.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A person is sitting on a mountain top
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
Someone is playing a piano
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
One woman is playing a flute
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
a cause or source of duress, worry
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
The black dog is climbing on a rock
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
The crowd is watching a football game
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Ask for and get something for free.
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
The man is not climbing up a rope
an attempt to get something.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
the opening page of a web site.
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
A man is playing an electric guitar
A man and a woman are silent
A man is fishing in the river
flow, as of liquids
put an end to a state or an activity.
the event of something ending.
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A man is playing soccer
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
A woman is chopping broccoli
turn on an axis; spin
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
The person is practicing the guitar
A black and white dog runs through the water.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
make a short, sharp sound
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
make noise like bad engine
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
Brown dog running on the beach.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
A person on a bmx bike.
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
A man is making a call on a cell phone
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
A man is praying fervently
Enclose in a protective covering.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
A dog shakes his head.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
A brown dog in running on grass.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A toy train is hitting a toy car
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
A person is peeling a banana
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
A woman is not riding a horse
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
An onion is being sliced by the woman
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
A horse is being ridden by a woman
The onion is being cut by the man
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
unrestricted freedom to use.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
A skier is falling into the snow.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
A man is riding a rodeo bull
the act of directing attention, resources to something
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
A girl is awakening
Some water is being drunk by a cat
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
the act of applying paint to a surface
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
An old man sitting down watching something.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
manipulate the registers of an organ.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
prove to be false or incorrect.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
A light brown dog is running up a street
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
censure severely or angrily.
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
The woman is playing the flute
the political head of city government
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
change toward something smaller or lower.
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
A cat is playing with a small bottle
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
One herd of deer is crossing the street
The woman is slicing a tomato
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
The status of being champion.
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A man is cutting a box
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
transfer from one place or period to another.
Two dogs in the snow
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
the act of combining, blending, integrating
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
A woman is brushing her feet
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
A man with a camera is studying the subject
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
remove or force out from a position.
Someone is dismantling a piano
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
serve as a means of expressing something.
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
travel in front of, be first, precede
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
go back, restore, revive
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A woman is planting some flowers
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
bring into general popular/common use
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
A fish is swimming
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
the act of having and controlling property.
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
The badger is burrowing a hole
A man is moving gracefully
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
the amount that can be contained.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
a formal association of people with similar interests.
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
state of being under control
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
A black dog is playing in the snow.
cause animals to move
The man is stirring oil
the lower part of anything.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
the act of shoving something away
A man is shooting with a weapon
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
give or convey physically.
flog or whip
Two dogs are playing inside
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
A tan dog is running through the snow
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
an indication of damage.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
The dog plays in the park.
A black dog is running in the grass
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
supporter, advocate of something or someone
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Bread is being sliced by the man
Four dogs splashing in the water
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
place or put on the ground.
There is no rope being climbed by a man
Two people are talking
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
Cause to move forward with force.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
The woman is not waterskiing
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
the act of clipping or snipping.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
a small thin branch of a tree.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
The man isn't talking on the telephone
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
A girl is doing a manicure
The child is playing with toys outdoors
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
The act of providing approval and support.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
a computer-generated visual image
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
A musician is playing a keyboard
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
join or attach with or as if with glue.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Two young kids are eating corndogs
A man is stopping a horse
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
appear or become visible; make a showing.
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
A man is using a knife to open a box
group of people defined by a specific profession
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
A group of people is on a mountain
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
some situation or event that is thought about.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
A girl riding a tan horse.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A skateboarder on a ramp.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
personnel casualty
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
overflow with a certain feeling.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
A man is strolling in the rain
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Two men are not taking a break from construction
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A man is climbing a rope
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
There is no man speaking on a podium
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
either half of an archery bow
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
A man is holding a frog
A man is diving off a cliff
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
A brown dog is running in the snow
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
The man is on the ride with the horse
The doctors are healing a man
support a person for a position.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
A man is naked and standing still
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
A woman is frying something in a pan
cause to become violent or angry.
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
A bride with a white veil is looking down
an approximated amount of something
A little girl is shoveling snow.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
One small child is drinking water from the cup
matter that remains after something has been removed.
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
Funeral direction
the front face of a building
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
a movement back from an impact.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
Write a computer programme.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
A group of people is near the sea
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
make a ticking sound
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
turn on or around an axis or a center.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
Move oneself very fast.
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
become inflated.
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
Someone is playing with a toad
People are riding two camels at the beach
a single chance or instance.
An empty office cubicle.
A boy is playing a piano
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
The writing is about a person penciling
A group of girls on a beach.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
bring to a certain pressure
A sports team poses on the field.
People stand outside watching something.
Four children looking at barn animals.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A guitar is being played by a kid
A man is strumming the guitar
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
learn by repetition.
Nobody is brushing a cat
apply a plaster cast to.
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
the state of being in effect or being operative.
A man on a bike in mid-air
A woman is not slicing an octopus
the act of applying force to propel something.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
to collect, acquire or gather
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
burst into flames (telic)
A black dog jumps through the water.
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
The man is a guitar player
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
A small white dog is running in a lawn
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
There are no children playing on a statue
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Dalmation running along the beach.
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
Train pulling into a station.
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
A dog is running through tall grass.
A monkey is wading through a river
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
set into opposition or rivalry.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
Some instruments are being played by a band
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Someone is writing
The man is silent and still
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
final stage of an event or activity
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
Two dogs in snow.
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
A surfer on a wave.
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
The woman is peeling a potato
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
the property of copious abundance.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
A dog is running along the grass.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
A dog running fast in the sand.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
There is no biker jumping in the air
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
a dog trots through the grass.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
A brown dog is running on a rock.
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
The person is brushing a cat
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
The kitten is not playing with a toy
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A man is running
A man is participating in a bmx race
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
A tiger is not walking around
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
A dog is barking
A man is sitting in a field
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
The cats are not playing with each other
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
A white dog runs on a beach.
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
Three children playing in sand at beach
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
abstain from eating or from certain foods
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
The panda bear is resting on the logs
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
A person is holding a frog
A pianist is playing the keyboard
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
A person is planting a tree
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
Travel (as if) through water.
A woman is receiving volleyballs
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
a knapsack, bundle on the back
A girl is playing the piano
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
a physical difficulty or obstacle
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
the act of taking of a person by force.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
the foremost part of something
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
A guitar is being played by a woman
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
shape or influence; give direction to.
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
time during which some action is awaited.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
Someone is reading the email
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
A woman is slicing a potato
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
look through a book or other written material.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
A man is doing pull-ups
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
Two people diving into a body of water.
A child is slowly waking up
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
Two dogs running down a beach.
a project or undertaking
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
Train going down the tracks.
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
create a mess or disorder
A child is smashing a snow ball
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A man is eating onion slices
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
A kid is splashing in the pool
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
issue bonds on something
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
cancel, reverse, annul
A person is not playing a keyboard
suit to a special purpose.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
Carrots are being grated by a woman
Physically attach to something.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Several children playing in a ball pit.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
A person is unfolding a tortilla
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
A baby is crawling happily
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
situate, position, come to rest
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
design for a specific purpose
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
change (dramatically) between high and low values
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
A bride in a white dress is running
be or have a quality of being
One panda is climbing
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
There is no one typing
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
The man is doing a magic trick
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
A race care driving along a dirt road.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
A boy is wearing sunglasses
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
the act of entering a structure
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
A bike is being ridden by a person
place or lay as if in a pile
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
hold, contain within
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
the act of preserving or protecting something
abrupt state of disbelief about something
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
A small child slides down a purple slide.
There is no dog leaping in the air
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
A man is cracking eggs
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
the act of harming or hurting someone
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
printed version of electronic data from a computer
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
study intensively as if preparing for a test
Two people sitting on a dock.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
become less interesting or attractive.
A young girl is standing still
The scuba diver is underwater.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
do lacework.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
The man is racing for the lead 
A man riding a small bicycle.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
indistinct articulation.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
make or become harder
to combat or oppose someone or something
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
leave undone or leave out
The violin is being played by a woman
the uppermost area of region of something
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
Two dogs are fighting
Brown dog running on grass.
A dog is running through the snow
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
A dog is sitting on the ground
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
assembled group of spectators at a performance
A child rides a bike high in the air.
There is no man slicing some bread
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
give a neat appearance to.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
learn by reading books.
A black dog is running in snow.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
the act of rubbing a surface
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
A lion is slowly walking
A person is recklessly riding a horse
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
The man is seasoning the sausages
a casual or unexpected convergence.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
organize or be responsible for.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
head of a country
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A woman is putting away a potato
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
A monkey is kicking a person
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
Admit to testing/proof
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
A man is slicing some bread
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
Two children are rolling in clean water
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
A man is cooking a snake
A man in a small city is doing charity work
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
A bride with a black veil is looking down
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
compel, enforce, or insist on something
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
A boy is standing in the cold water
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
A crowd of people is far from the water
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
A woman is cracking eggs
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
The act of talking about the features of something.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
A man is shaking a drink
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
A chimp is practicing martial arts
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
the act of applying paint to a surface.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
make a written note of something
A surfer is riding a wave.
A woman is amalgamating eggs
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
A small boy playing in the snow.
The woman is dicing garlic
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
cause to skip over a surface.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
a computer program that performs system support
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
A baby is toddling happily
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
the scent or odor of something
physically grapple with an opponent
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Two men step off the bus together.
changing one thing for another
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
an abundance or profusion of something
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
A close-up of a horse.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
the quality of being of practical use.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
Turn the paddle or oar.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
fail or suffer failure
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
A football player is wearing black armbands
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
A man and child in front of a billboard
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
the activity of leading.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
The two dogs are running through the grass.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
A man is getting into a car in a garage
Train in a station.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
A duck floating in the water.
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
A man is coming out of the water
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
A harp is being played by a man
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
contrast with equal weight or force.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
Sniff at inquiringly.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
the act of admitting someone to enter.
A large boat in the water at the marina.
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
A man is talking on a cell phone
A man is running on the road
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
The players is maneuvering for the ball
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
the forceful hit of a ball
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
A man is drawing
a person who is in charge.
two dogs running in grass
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
Two people are sailing a small boat.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
sniff or smell inquiringly.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
Two men are standing in the ocean
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
a black and white cow standing in the field.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
play on a string instrument with a bow.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man is riding a scooter
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
A woman is restraining the dog
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
burn slightly to affect color
There is no woman frying something
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
cause to spread in another part of the world.
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
A kid is playing with a toy dog
The lady is peeling the potato
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
make sense of, give meaning to
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
A woman is cutting an onion
be fully aware or cognizant of.
The woman is putting make-up on
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
A person is cutting some ginger
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
An onion is being sliced by a man
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
perform a duty
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
utter with force; utter vehemently.
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
the act of mixing together.
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
have a strong sexual attraction to
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
decide a specific time for an event
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
A child is making a snow ball
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
A man is playing an instrument
A man is spitting
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
glare or strike with great intensity.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
A boy running through green grass.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
A man is singing to a woman
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
The light brown dog is running up a street
be a factor or play a role in something
The person is writing with a pencil
There is no kid playing guitar
The small boy is standing in the forest
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
Four people are performing music outdoors
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
A young boy is diving into a still lake
move by turning over or rotating.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
Two people are walking near the water
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is playing the guitar owner
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
get involved or mixed-up with.
an impression that something might be the case.
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
the apparent condition or state of something
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
A person is riding a bike
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
cause to be/show to be invalid
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
The piano is being played by someone
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
a quantity of money added to a bank account
appoint to a clerical posts.
positively-charged center part of an atom
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
A dog runs through shallow water.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
a computer on the floor.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
ascribe or place in association with
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
run at a moderately swift pace.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
a white dog running in the snow
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
The person is walking
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
A dog is running on a muddy path
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
A couple is not looking at a map
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
A small bird eating from the feeder.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
Two cows standing in a large field.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
A classroom is full of students
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
cause to come to the ground.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
Two men in a running contest.
A black dog running into the water.
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
A man is standing still
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
A girl jumping in a puddle.
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
A young girl running on the beach.
Two girls walking in the ocean.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
an actor who plays a principal role.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The lady is slicing a tomato
A banana is being eaten by a man
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
Four people rowing down a river.
A white dog is running on sand.
The man is speaking on the telephone
The man is granting an interview
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
combine so as to form a more complex product
a border or boundary of an object
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
an itemized statement of money owed
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
a collection of something, often a large amount
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
raise from a lower to a higher position.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
Trains inside an indoor station.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
the face or front of a building.
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
A little boy is in a tire
A group of people standing outside of a building.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
(finally) do something or be somewhere
the act of attaching or affixing something.
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
The child is splashing water in a pool
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
bring in to consonance
A woman is chopping up garlic
The woman is measuring a man
Understand the meaning of something.
accuse formally of a crime.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
the disclosure of something secret.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
cause to assume a condition
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
an electronic memory device.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
a large room
A woman is squeezing a lemon
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
Close-up of a hummingbird.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
A black dog is running through some water.
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
a black and white cow in hay.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A dog shakes off water
A man is hanging up the phone
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
The boy is studying a calendar
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
Black bird standing on concrete.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
The woman is not handling a frog
A person is riding a motorcycle
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
Mimes are performing on a stage
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
A long train is on train tracks.
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
to become aware of through the senses.
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
an appraisal of the value of something.
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
A dog plays in the snow.
A tiger cub is roaring
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
A baby is playing with a doll
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
A deer is standing inside a fence
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
A person is boiling noodles
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
Three men are practicing karate in a field
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
write all the required information onto a form.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A squirrel is running around in circles
Two cows graze in a field.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
A woman is slicing an eggplant
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
register formally as a participant or member.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
A young boy is jumping off a chair
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A man is cutting the tape on the box
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
A woman is slicing a vegetable
A person is wiping butter on a tray
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
Make sure of.
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
A woman is cutting a carrot
make underscoring marks.
prepare for/put to action or use
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
A woman is firing a rifle
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
the physical position of something.
The black and white dog is running in a field
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
Create a coating for something.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Three men are jumping off a wall
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
A group of people are marching
Smiling man with reflective classes.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
A man is buttering a piece of bread
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
Two cows cross a paved street.
assign a new time and place for an event.
deal with in a routine way.
give something useful or necessary to.
cause to come out in a squirt.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
become or make oneself fresh again.
A golden retriever is not running
An instance or action of being incorrect.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
bring into a different state.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
Three dogs walking in the grass.
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
something additional of the same kind.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
A man playing a video game in a store.
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
Some fish are swimming
a woman with a viking hat on.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
the first part or section of something.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
cross on foot.
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
Runners are racing down a track
start to burn or burst into flames.
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
The man is climbing up a rope
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
Three brown dogs are in the water.
A woman is stroking a lemur
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
take someone's soul into heaven
advance or set forward in court
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
A man is driving a car
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
A person is drawing some figures
Fly in or on a glider plane
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
Kids play soccer on a field.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
A close up view of a bottle of water.
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
A tiger is walking around
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
The brown and white dog is in the water.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A man is having fun with water
A man is dropping the guitar
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
the act of retaining something.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
cause to have an odor
Two children are playing soccer in the park
Many cars parked on a mountain.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
A man is silent
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
A rider is waving at a surfer
A man juggles at the beach.
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
move (as if) by lowering
A white race car is driving through a puddle
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
make or become more narrow or restricted.
put up with something unpleasant
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
catch fire.
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
The child is playing with toys indoors
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
the act of winding or twisting.
A dog jumps over a chain.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
A couple standing on the curb
A woman is cooking prawns
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
Two women are not dancing
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
make a mess of or create disorder in.
come into the possession of.
confine as if in a prison.
A white dog walking in the snow.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
fool or hoax.
The act of arranging elements together.
A brown dog is running though a river.
identify or pick out someone or something
Two horses standing in a pen.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
employ or become employed in a position
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
A person is reading the email
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
A young child is splashing in the water
A group of dogs racing.
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
A woman is taking a can
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
accounting period of 12 months
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
be or come into conflict
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
A close up of an ostrich face.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
Mimes are performing on a small stage
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
show the form or outline of.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
A woman is drying noodles
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
make or become longer
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A woman is cutting a vegetable
a dog runs across the path.
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
the act of clipping, cutting
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
A passenger jet flies through the air.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
A man is getting off the car
heat metal prior to working it
A man is not mowing a lawn
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
Literally cause to become unable to see.
collect discarded or refused material.
A man is talking
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
A woman is not frying some food
cause to become alive again.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
reverse the winding or twisting of.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
Two teams are competing in a football match
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A brown dog runs near the water.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
Two people are walking through some water.
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
A woman and three men are denying a photo
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
A moped in front of ruins.
A little girl is walking off the stage
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Two boys are running around a field.
have a wish or desire to know something.
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
A man stands in front of a train.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
Children looking a sheep.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
The cat is playing with a watermelon
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
Two girls are lying on the ground
Two boys splashing in the surf.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
There is no man cutting tomatoes
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
a group of sheep or goats.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
A black cat is swinging on a fan
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
pass into a state or condition
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
A man with a white headband playing drums.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
four people are on a boat on green water.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
a retail store with merchandise for sale
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A man is showing off a small monkey
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
become pregnant; undergo conception.
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
the act of dwelling in a place.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
a jockey riding a horse.
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
A man is making music with a flute
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
limit in quality or quantity.
A dog shaking water off.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
There is no man massaging a woman
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
the act of climbing something.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
Somebody is playing the guitar
A man is going into the water
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
line, cover
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
A black dog is running in the grass.
a cause or source of harm
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
A kid is splashing in the ocean
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
a dog plays in the snow.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
an informal right to something.
A man is playing two keyboards
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A tan dog leaps into the water.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
A man is playing a piano
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
the act of committing a crime.
A deer is jumping over a fence
A man is singing and walking down the road
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
A woman holding a newspaper.
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
The men are performing on stage
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
carry out or perform an action.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
possibility for the future
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
The man is up in the air.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A person is putting meat into a skillet
A man is walking in a yard
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
The guitar is being played by nobody
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
A man is standing shirtless in the street
An onion is being chopped
The man is riding a horse
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
the people who dwell in a camp
to hunt snipe
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
operating or traveling via a vehicle
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
A cold cyclist is celebrating
The people are standing at a carnival
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
to make a great mental or physical effort
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
There is no child waking up
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
A man is not playing the guitar
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
A man is jumping off a low wall
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
a close up head of an ostrich.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
A man is eating some food
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
People stand outside a bookstore.
become the owner or posessor of something
A man walking a large black horse.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
The man is playing the instrument
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A woman is cutting a potato
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
manage, handle, or control something
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
recite as a chant, intone
There is no boy walking across a bridge
A girl dances like a man in costume
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
The deer is jumping over the fence
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
Runners are not taking part in the race
the act of ending something.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
a stronghold.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
A woman is boiling eggs
There is no man pointing at a car
Small black dog running in grass
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
the alleviation of distress
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
The baby is not laughing and crawling
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
The little cat is playing with a toy
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
A group of cars parked on a hill
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
A woman is staging a dance
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
An airplane is taking off
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
make a clicking or ticking sound.
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
a region allocated to hold something
the activity of learning or being trained
A man is painting a woman's face
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
end
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
shine intensely, as if with heat.
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
A man is jumping into a pool
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
remove water from.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
A skier skiing down a large mountain
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A potato is being sliced by a person
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
smother, surpress or lessen something
A biker is riding away from a fence
Several people are in front of a colorful building
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
move very slightly.
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
The dog is playing with a plastic container
an agent or company that insures something
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A person is slicing some onions
There is no man carrying a woman
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
A woman is peppering green slices
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
loss of ability to function normally.
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
Two children are shown upside down.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
The young man is not rock climbing
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
The horse is being ridden by the girl
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
A woman is sleeping
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
a short section of a musical composition.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
The dog runs through the water.
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
A surfer is surfing a big wave
There is no woman coating a pork chop
An onion is being cut by a man
A white Jeep parked on a street.
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
a spoken or written reply to a question
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
Small dog chews on a big stick.
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
The act of testing something.
A brown dog running.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
There is no man cutting a paper
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A man is cutting onions
a type of military aircraft
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
remove from a contest or race.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
stretch out or over completely
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
tell or spread rumors.
something with no concrete substance.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
the way something conforms to a shape
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
Two people are sitting on a bench
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
A man in a hat is playing a harp
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
subsist on a meager allowance.
give out, allow to have
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
There is no man screaming
to say, state, or perform again.
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
carry out or complete an activity
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
The crowd is watching the football at the game
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
Black train on train tracks.
give up what is not strictly needed.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
Two children splashing in the water.
form a carpet-like cover (over).
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
A dog playing in the snow.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
The patient is helping the doctor
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
The study subject is a camera man
A man and a woman on a bench.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
consider as part of something.
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
the state of being excommunicated.
refrain from harming.
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
save or relieve from an experience or action.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
(construction) a layer of masonry.
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
have or contain a certain wording or form.
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
Two animals are running through the park
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
the act of escaping, fleeing
A man is eating a pizza
A brown and white dog running on grass.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
An officer is listening to the recruits
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
The girl is lounging
There is no person boiling noodles
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
A man is running down the road
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
Okra is being cooked in a pan
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
A group of people in a living room.
A man is chopping butter into a small container
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
Someone is slicing a tomato
Two people are standing on a bench
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
make tracks on a surface
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
a mental grasp or understanding of something
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
take into one's family or group
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
five people standing on a sidewalk
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
An unforseen development.
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A woman holding a small baby.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
Two dogs jumping on each other.
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
There is no woman putting on makeup
fall between two taxonomic groups
be located at or on top of something
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
(cause to) happen at a later time
The sheep is standing under the trees.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
A man is slicing a potato
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
A man is riding the animal
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
react to a stimulus or command.
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
The woman is playing a flute
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
A dog running through mucky ground.
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
Five people on a sidewalk.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
decree, issue an order
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
A boy is staring at a calendar
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
the act of swallowing.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
act of distributing
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
The man is training
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
the last (12th) month of the year.
A man is standing on a roof
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
A black climber is rocking a dog
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
The dogs play in the snow.
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
A dog laying in the snow.
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
A young girl is using sign language
propagation of waves back from a surface
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
believe to be the case.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
The woman is not cooking something
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
A man is mixing
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
Some women are talking
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
cause to be alert or energetic
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
discipline in personal and social activities.
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
Two men are playing table tennis
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A white dog is standing in a lake
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
A man is slicing onions
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
have certain properties when driven.
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
An animal is running in circles
A woman is being kissed by a man
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
Two men standing on beach.
arrange a program of or for.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
A potato is being peeled by a woman
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
Dough is being spread by a man
There is no man slicing a tomato
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
A woman is slicing an onion
There is no woman exercising
An aircraft is taking off
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
having responsibility for managing or supervising
Two people are sitting on a white bench
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
The man is playing the piano with his nose
A man is playing flute
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
A young boy riding in a swing.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
The dog is chasing the ball
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
give a specific interpretation to
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
The band isn't singing
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A collie running through the snow.
A boy is talking to a leaf
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
a well-known or notable person.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A young girl is dancing
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
The children of a family are playing and waiting
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A man is singing into an old microphone
A young female is dancing
A brown dog running through grass.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
put under the control of the federal government
A woman is cutting fruit
the act of decreasing something markedly.
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
The man is dipping into a swamp
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A man is chopping a log with an axe
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
turn from an upright/normal position
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
make (more) comprehensible
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
estimate the value of.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
A man is shooting a shotgun
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
destroy a ship.
There is no man running down the road
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
The turtle is following the fish
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
the act of moving, turning something
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
Two people are in bed.
A man and a woman are eating
a way or means to achieve something.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
put in a particular place or abstract location
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
the act of advocating or promoting something
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
a citizen of ancient Troy
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
observe with care or pay close attention to.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
pass into a specified state or condition.
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A dog catching a Frisbee.
fail to do something; leave something undone.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
The log is lying on the panda bear
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
get or gather together.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
Some men are running a race
remove shells or husks from.
An animal is looking around
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
A young boy is running a race.
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
A baby is not crawling happily
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
have sexual intercourse with.
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
provide housing for.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
Three children are running up hill
a tan dog swimming in some water
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
The man is playing the drums
the speech act of making something evident.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
A young child is standing in front of some trees
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
A dog digging in the sand.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
the extreme endpoint of something
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
the act of putting something in working order again.
person who manages money in board games
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
the force by which one object attracts another.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
cover or swamp with water.
an interpretation of a text or action.
Someone is typing on a keyboard
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
There is no dog rolling from side to side
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
There is no man thinking
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
The brown dog is playing outdoors
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
sound with resonance.
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
Kids playing ball in the park.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
room where work is done.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
hunt for hawks
A flute is being played by a man
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
A photographer is being surrounded by men
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
Some kids are playing on a playground
A girl playing on a parachute.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
A group of people are dancing at a concert
There is no woman combing her hair
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
to put down by force or authority.
per centum
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
an event that causes someone to die.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
One man is dancing
A white cat stands on the floor.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
a cell for violent prisoners.
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
A woman is talking to a man
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
Men are sawing logs
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
a physical entity
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
Someone is folding a piece of paper
hurl as if with a sling.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
A girl is playing the guitar
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
A woman is slicing an octopus
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
A black dog is running through the snow.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
A person is tearing sheets
provide, raise, or supply funds to
symbolize, serve as an example of
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A small boy is scolding a dog
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
gain points in a game.
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
a sudden outburst.
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
be relevant or pertinent
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
A biker is wearing gear which is black
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
It is raining on a walking man
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
A man is slicing bread
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
A person is performing a card trick
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
The man isn't lifting weights
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
A skateboarder on a city street.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
Four children are doing backbends in the park
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
Two people are wading through the water
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
The red bus is on the street.
A cow is eating grass
Some kittens are eating
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
put in a horizontal position.
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A man is not playing with water
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
There is no dog running on the beach
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
Give an incentive or reason for action.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
A podium is where a man is speaking
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
A dog running through a creek.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
The girl is trotting on the horse
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
reason or establish by deduction
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
have flavor; taste of something.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
preserve with sugar.
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
Black train idle on the tracks.
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
A horse is standing
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
arrange or order by classes or categories.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
computer text files
suggest or prescribe a solution
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
People and camels at a beach.
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
A person is putting away the mushrooms
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
destruction of a ship
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
A black dog running in the snow.
A boy is sitting on the ground
A dog is running through the snow.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
The man is slicing bread
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
A white puppy is biting a pole
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
A woman is frying some food
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
state or explain the meaning
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
There is no man playing a flute
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
Two dogs run through the grass.
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
A man is harping on about a play
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
A backpack standing beside a train.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
move or establish in a new location.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
use resources or materials
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
have in mind as a plan or purpose
the state of being active.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
move back and forth
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
a concentrated example of something.
A man is slicing tomatoes
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A group of children is not playing tambourines
give someone credit for something.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
(cause to) meet or intersect
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
the act of liberating someone or something.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A woman is cutting an octopus
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
A man is sharpening a weapon
A group of people are in the water.
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
cause to run in panic.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
A man is standing in front of a wall
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
There is no water being drunk by a cat
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
A person is holding up an electronic device
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
an accounting period of 12 months
A train parked at a train station.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
the act of surrendering an asset
There is no man walking in the rain
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
a mold for setting concrete.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
a specialized division of a large organization.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Two dogs run through grass.
A cute panda is lying down
make something more diverse or varied
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
The dog is running through deep snow.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
hold in a tight grasp.
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
A banana is being peeled by a person
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
The deer is not jumping over the fence
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
the concluding section of a communication
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
A large bird is flying through the air.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
induce into action by using one's charm.
A hockey player during a game.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
A boy is sitting in a seat
feel the strong need to eat
A little girl swimming in a pool.
return to an original state.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
A group of men play rugby.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
There is no woman riding a horse
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
A man is walking a woman through the woods
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
A cat is playing keyboards
a consequence, outcome or result of something
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
A man is doing a card trick
The person is going into the water
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
the large room of a manor or castle.
Someone is holding a hedgehog
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
the conclusion of a communication
Someone is dirtying an animal
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
There is no woman dancing near a fire
A woman is seasoning a ham
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
The flute is being played by the woman
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
The dog is being walked by the woman
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
A man is slicing a fish
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
A man is dancing on a roof 
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
the act of intentionally omitting something
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
A pale dog runs down a path.
Someone is cutting a tomato
A man is eating
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
The lady is slicing up the meat
hunt with hawks.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
The man is driving a car
A black dog runs through the water.
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
a portion removed from the whole.
There is no man riding a horse
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
the intended meaning of a communication.
an onerous or difficult concern.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
The state of being suspected.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
initiation, founding, introduction of something
Two women are dancing
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
a person who delivers information or goods
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
make coincide in time or operation
The man and woman are walking
A dog jogs through the grass.
The person is playing with a skull
A dog is rolling on the ground
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
a boy falls off his red bike.
A black dog is shaking off water.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
Three dogs are running in a field.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
Three children playing in snow.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
move along on wheels
fill with high spirits
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
A man in a cap is playing a harp
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
A man is riding a bicycle
a happening or incident of human significance
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
A plane being readied for take-off.
A potato is being sliced by the man
Nobody is feeding an animal
exercise or have power of memory
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
A boy is playing a wind instrument
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
make pure or free from sin
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
A woman is cutting tofu
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
There is no man eating food
Two men are not fighting
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
Three young women standing in a room together.
A bird with it's wings spread
Two dogs running on the shore.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
A boy is playing guitar
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
Someone is typing
Two white horses staring over a fence.
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
A soccer player is missing a goal
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
A woman is cutting a fish
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
give an incentive for action.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
A woman is firing at target practice
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
One woman is peeling a potato
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Paper and scissors both cut
cause to turn from one course or use to another
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
create and charge with a task or function.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
something copied or derived from an original.
tag the base runner to get him out.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
fall or cause to fall
The person is trotting on the horse
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A person is playing a keyboard
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
A white dog runs on the grass.
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
cover with or as if with a cloak.
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A potato is being peeled by a person
The man is putting chicken into the container
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
There is no boy checking a calendar
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
A man rock climbing.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
A white dog running through the snow
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
There is no person cutting some ginger
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
There is no woman slicing a carrot
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
An officer is talking to the soldiers
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
A dog is opening a jar of food
the act of swallowing liquid
A white airplane is on a runway.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
settle or deal with something
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
move or change one's own position or quality
go away or leave.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
A man is idling
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
The woman is cutting a carrot
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
Become pregnant.
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
A man is cutting tomatoes
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
A boy is running away from the fishing line
cause to move back and forth.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
enter uninvited.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
an exclusive, privileged group of people
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
A group of people having a meal outside.
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
the quality of being dependable
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
make even or more even.
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
The blue train is at the station.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
incline from a vertical position
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
scrape or rub to relieve itching
The man is playing a harp
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
A black and white dog is running outdoors
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
A brown dog running
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man is passionately playing a guitar
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
A dog is running on a snowy road
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
The men are acting on a stage
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
Two dogs play by a tree.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
A man is exercising
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
A dog is playing in the green field
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
accept an excuse for.
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A cat is eating some corn
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
A golden dog plays in the snow
The people are running at a carnival
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
remove a constituent from a liquid.
A woman is coating a pork chop
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
A black dog is running along the beach.
The persons are singing and dancing
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
The men are fist fighting in a ring
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
the act of dropping something.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
A man is playing a violin
a black dog runs across the snow.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
physical matter left behind after a removal process
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
A topless girl is covered in paint
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
the visual appearance of something or someone.
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
actors in a play
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
A dog runs on brown grass.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
come as if by falling.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
There is no man dancing on the road
A parrot is speaking
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
A group of men play a college football game.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
The person is slicing a vegetable
There is no person cutting an onion
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
A black and white dog is running through grass.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A man is not talking on the phone
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
two woman sit on a park bench.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
capital stock in a corporation
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
A girl sliding down a pole
Two dogs are playing on the beach
amount of time that something is postponed
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
two dogs play in the grass.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
a short account of the news.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
two cold people stand near a pole.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
There is no woman cutting onions
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
a creased or bent form
A man is diving off a rock
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
The man is playing the guitar
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
A brown dog runs through the grass.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
Some paper is being cut
A man is speaking on a stage
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
Red double decker bus.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
A dog is dropping a can
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
A boy plays baseball.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
A boy looking at a computer screen.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
The piano is being played by a man
make fit for a specific purpose
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
A tan and white dog runs through water.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
There is no surfer riding the wave
a group of young men sing out together.
a momentary brightness.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Cereal is being eaten by the man
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
A man is passionately playing the guitar
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
There is no paper being cut with scissors
A man is driving a motorbike
A cat standing on tree branches.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
the act of informing by verbal report.
people go up the escalator.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
the state of having options, alternatives
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Two dogs are running through the beach
A baby is crying
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
A shirtless man catches a football
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
function in a particular manner when moving
the activity of supplying or providing something.
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
administer or bestow, as portions
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
make new.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
A man's face is being painted by a woman
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
A woman is cooking fish
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
Young boys play touch football.
A happy baby is laughing
A small boy is sitting in the forest
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
making real or concrete
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
A golden dog is running through the snow.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
A dog is running on the beach
an established linear path of travel
A person is frying meat in a pan
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
The person is slicing onions
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
The men are not climbing a mountain
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
A toddler is sitting in a seat
a competitor thought likely to win.
A person is frying some food
The woman is poking a potato
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
A man is singing into a microphone
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
The woman is cooking something
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
A few men are playing cricket
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
confine in or as if in a prison
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
a white dog is running through the snow.
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
A woman is walking off a stage
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
12th month of the calendar year
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
There is no guy mowing the lawn
an established or recognized right.
A man is leading the race
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
The man is throwing knives at a tree
The two boys play in the field.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
the quality of being useful for something
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
an open motorboat used for transport
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
indistinct vocal articulations
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
the state of being covered with unclean things.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
The man and woman are strolling
throw quickly.
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
Dogs are racing on a track
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
Three men are looking into the distance
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
The lady is dancing
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
A woman is not chopping garlic
make invalid for use.
Man sleeping on the street.
No dog is emerging from a lake
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
a cue given to someone for assistance
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
The lady is dicing onions
informal terms for the leg.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
(cause to) become even or level
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
A baby is not playing a guitar
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
a partial denture
lessen in force or effect.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A white dog running over a bridge.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A baby is laughing
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A man and woman are talking
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
cause to go into a solution.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
something that is craved
A boy standing on a beach.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
Something is being fried by a woman
A person is folding a tortilla
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
give something for a cause
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
an address used for postal communication
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
Two women sheering a sheep.
There is no dog barking at a ball
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
One man is playing the guitar
Somebody is playing the piano
A cute panda is not lying down
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
Three cows grazing in a field.
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
government income due to taxation.
A child is falling asleep
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
A girl is playing on a toy phone
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
make something, usually for a specific function.
A man with no shirt is holding a football
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
the state of being in working order
A white dog bounding through snow
The woman is holding a whole tomato
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A man is doing physical activity
A bull standing in the field.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
ATVs are being driven by three people
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
A horse is racing
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
A man jumping his dirt bike.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
the act of selecting or picking something
Some men are playing rugby
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
A man is not cutting a potato
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
A woman is slicing a cucumber
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
There is no man exercising
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
The woman is drawing a man
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A woman is slicing tofu
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
behave or move in a certain manner
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
A woman is not frying fish
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
Two young children are on sand.
the act of testing something.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
A man is cutting a fish
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
A man is opening a door
A child is talking
Two women are happily dancing
act or move at high speed.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
make more complex or intricate
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
The man is fasting
A man is playing the drum
do better in a competition; win
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
A man is carefully climbing a rope
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
an abundance of something
The man is running on the road
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
restore to a previous or better condition.
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
A sea turtle is hunting for food
The panda is not eating bamboo
A person is not tearing paper
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
There is no man playing a keyboard
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
A woman is slicing butter
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
be against, resist
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
a bus driving in a street.
A man is strumming a guitar
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
a dog runs across the grass.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
feel hot or painful, as if burning
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A girl is riding a horse
be a summary of.
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
A child and parent pet a horse.
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
People are sitting against a wall
The man is not playing the drums
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
Leave to someone after one's death.
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
A man is naked and is lying in the field
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
An electronic man is held as a device
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
look furtively.
The man is thinking
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
There is no cat playing with a device
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
start suddenly, as if from fright
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A dog is playing in water.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
make impure.
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
an image that is generated by a computer.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
cause to be in a state or location
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
extend in a different direction.
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
a man sits on a rock.
A man is playing a bamboo flute
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
a brief statement.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.